PODCAST1)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Now, panel, this month, Napa's got all kinds of motor oil deals that can save you some serious cash, like a five quart jug of nappa full synthetic motor oil for just sixteen forty nine. With savings like that, you may start feeling like a VIP, but don't let it go to your head. These oil deals are for everyone. Quality parts, helpful people. That's Nappa know how to know how General State's pricey sales price does not include applicable state.
00:00:35
Local taxes are recycled. These offerings eight thirty one point. Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Cook's run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:01:09
That's why we are here.
00:01:10
Hey, everybody, welcome to the Charlie Kirk Show. There's so much happening in this country. The president is in Pennsylvania right now in this presidential race has completely and totally tightened. The latest betting odds have Joe Biden only about half a point up on Donald Trump in the betting markets, just about a statistical tie. So how do we get here? About three, six weeks ago, it was incredible.
00:01:33
It was Joe Biden leading Donald Trump by double digits in every poll that we've been told internally and externally. And all of a sudden, President Donald Trump has turned this race into basically a statistical tie, almost Trump's race to lose. One of the reasons for this is that President Donald Trump is the best offensive player and the best offensive president in modern American history. He is the best at setting the tone, at getting people to react to him.
00:01:59
And the media has followed suit for him for so long. President Donald Trump is actually, I think, at his most vulnerable when the media is the one that is setting the agenda, for example, on impeachment or on Mueller, that is when President Donald Trump is probably his most vulnerable. He has President Donald Trump because of Joe Biden's unwillingness to actually address the riots, to actually address the arson of our country.
00:02:23
Former Vice President Joe Biden was actually put in a very precarious position and President Donald Trump barnstormed through the door. So now we have a race. And the question is, is that going to be enough to win for President Donald Trump? I say no. But President Donald Trump is actually on the verge right now to be able to checkmate against Joe Biden. Donald Trump had many of his key. You could put figures or players on the chessboard off because of the Chinese coronavirus.
00:02:48
And the lockdown's Donald Trump was able to bait Joe Biden to actually have him come out of the basement and turn this into a presidential election. So the question is, what can Donald Trump do to really put Joe Biden into the oblivion of political history to checkmate him once and for all? Well, first, let's go through a couple of examples of how President Donald Trump is a good offensive player and he's able to get Joe Biden to show his inherent contradictions in positions that he once held, for example, on fracking.
00:03:21
Biden said that he would ban fracking. Now he says he won't play tape.
00:03:26
I am not banning fracking. Let me say that again. I am not banning fracking, no matter how many times Donald Trump lies about me.
00:03:36
What about stopping fracking and stopping it?
00:03:39
I am not banning fracking, no matter how many times Donald Trump lies about me.
00:03:45
There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking.
00:03:47
I am not banning fracking. No matter how many times Donald Trump lies about me.
00:03:53
No more. No no fracking.
00:03:55
No matter how many times Donald Trump lies about me, we are we are going to get rid of fossil fuels no matter how many times Donald Trump lies about me.
00:04:07
Why would there be any place for fossil fuels, including coal and fracking in a Biden administration?
00:04:14
No way we would work it out. We would make sure it's eliminated.
00:04:19
So there it is right there. Now, all of a sudden, the state of Pennsylvania, Joe Biden, is just a pathological liar and the media does not cover it at all. Joe Biden says no matter how many times you lie about me, he's an Orwellian gaslighting projector. We talked about this on a previous episode of Charlie Kirk show two nights ago. We talk about the tactic of gas lighting. And you can see there Joe Biden is just contradicting himself on a core issue that impacts hundreds of thousands of families across Pennsylvania, Ohio and Midwestern states.
00:04:46
Joe Biden will ban fracking. Joe Biden will ban fossil fuel exploration. This alone helps Donald Trump have a comparative and competitive advantage in the industrial Midwest. So Donald Trump playing offense on the fracking issue, has made Joe Biden go into an endless. Cycle of self-contradiction, people then lose support and Joe Biden, Joe Biden's number goes down and Donald Trump's number goes up. How about on defunding the police? When pressed, Joe Biden said he would defund or as he calls it, reallocate funding for the police responding?
00:05:18
Absolutely. Yes, when asked. Now he is hedging and scoffing at this accusation and saying we need to fund the police. They need more funding.
00:05:26
Let's play tape, a surplus military equipment for law enforcement. They don't need that. The last thing you need is an up armored Humvee coming into a neighborhood. It's like the military invading. I don't know anybody. They become the enemy. They're supposed to be protecting these people.
00:05:41
So my generic point is that we agree that we can redirect some of the funding. Yes, absolutely. One of the things that so there it is, Joe Biden, he was being interviewed by an individual that I think is suffering from ALS, and that's one of the interviews from now this. And so as you saw there, Joe Biden said, yes, absolutely. I think that we can reallocate the funding. And so now I believe that we have a tape of Joe Biden saying now he doesn't want to defund police.
00:06:11
Is that right? We have another tape that says that. Let's play that tape.
00:06:15
President Trump says that you want to defund the police. Do you know?
00:06:20
I don't. By the way, he proposes cutting a half a billion dollars out of local police support. Look, what the police need is the police. First of all, there has to be national standards that, in fact, apply to every police department in the country. And that's what we're going to do. I don't want to defund police departments.
00:06:38
I think they need more help. They need more assistance. We have to make it clear that this first of all, I think they should sit further apart from each other.
00:06:47
I mean, I don't think that 45 feet that they're across from each other is enough.
00:06:50
I mean, at that point, why don't they just sitting opposite rooms, I mean, this over pandering to sitting 95 feet from each other when they're both tested on a daily basis and they both know they do not have the Chinese coronavirus is just, to me, outright and ridiculous and insulting to the American people that are trying to get their lives back. Secondly, you can see Joe Biden contradict himself again. And this is where Donald Trump is at his best.
00:07:12
The riots were happening. The Democrat media, the gas lighter's said other peaceful protests. There are peaceful protests. Don't mention them. They're peaceful protests. Meanwhile, people's entire lives are being burned down. A really peaceful protest. My restaurant's on fire. It's a peaceful, peaceful protest. Sit down, little citizen on my church. Just burn down. It's a peaceful protest. Sit down, simpleton. And eventually, this kind of creates an inherent disinformation that creates a cognitive dissonance almost between the people and the rulers and the elites where all of a sudden there's a disconnect.
00:07:40
They said whatever they're telling me, it's a lie. Who's the person that actually supports police again? Who's the person that supports law and order? The entire Kenosha and the entire violence and rioting narrative. The Democratic National Committee didn't mention violence and rioting once during their entire convention.
00:07:57
They called it a movement for racial justice. They described a movement of peaceful protesters. They likened it to this phrase called good trouble, which is just another way of saying permissible criminality. That's what good trouble means about a hundred times. Then Don Lemon alerted them that their polling was bad. And we've shown this tape before a couple of times on The Charlie Cook Show, no need to show it again. But essentially, Don Lemon was playing, let's say, offensive coordinator of the Democratic National Committee football team saying, hey, guys, every time you're running the ball, we're punting.
00:08:33
Don't you realize we need to do something different? And to put it non metaphorical terms, Don Lemon was basically saying we're going to lose this election until we start recognizing that people are actually upset that their homes are being invaded, that towns are being burned down. And because President Donald Trump took such a firm and definitive posture when it came to law and order and the police and almost had a boomerang effect, where in early June, being propolis hurt you politically in late August, being propolis helped you politically.
00:09:06
Here's a question that I think is worthy of asking. Joe Biden visited Kenosha today. Do you think Kenosha was on Joe Biden's calendar last week? Do you think Joe Biden planned to visit Kenosha two weeks ago? Before the polling began to flip, before Trump and Biden were tied in states like Pennsylvania, Joe Biden had no concern whatsoever for the people of Kenosha.
00:09:35
He never would have gone to Kenosha and Joe Biden met with Jacob Blake's father, who was a Jew hating anti-Semite, just as a nice, interesting side note, we'll get some citations on the specifics here in just a second.
00:09:49
In fact, I can guarantee you that Joe Biden. Did not have a visit to Kenosha on his calendar. He agreed with Governor Tony Evers, who sent a letter saying to President Donald Trump, do not come to Kenosha. It's hurtful. And then Joe Biden comes. Here's an interesting question why is Joe Biden able to visit Kenosha, but he wasn't able to visit his own convention just 45 miles down the street in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The difference is that when his convention was going on, his polling was double digits positive.
00:10:23
Now he has to actually look or at least play the part of some sort of president. Speaking of which, Jacob Blake's father said the following bitter antisemite Jew hater that Joe Biden met with. I am quoting from Jacob Blake's father, who's actually named Jacob Blank. Jews are not special. They're just like everybody else. The Jewish media picks and chooses who is a terrorist and who is not. Warning for Jews in Pittsburgh. No warning for gunmen in Kentucky, Wolf.
00:10:52
This is who Joe Biden meets with privately today. And actually, by the way, there's such there's even worse ones. And the fact the activist media does not cover this tells you quite a lot about the propaganda arm of the Democrat Party. Biden's here's another example here that's very interesting.
00:11:09
So Joe Biden was reluctant to visit. Notion of the fact that Joe Biden flew to Kenosha shows the power of Donald Trump's offensive strategy. Joe Biden didn't want to have to charter a jet to Kenosha. This is a visit he didn't want to have to make. It's a visit that is off message for him. It is a visit that is incongruent with his entire political strategy. The more Donald Trump is able to flush out Joe Biden to go visit places that are not in his political calculation, to go to towns that are not necessarily a concern of his, that is a winning campaign for Donald Trump.
00:11:44
But you can also make the case that Biden has adapted that Biden is adapting to what is happening because the polling and the messaging is shifting alongside each other and it's pure gaslighting. And again, from Tuesday's episode, let's just recap what gaslighting actually is. Gas leaders deny they ever said anything, even though you have proof. This is from Psychology Today. Quote, You know, they said they would do something. You know, you heard it, but they outright try and deny it and makes you start questioning your own reality.
00:12:13
But nevertheless, Joe Biden has been on defense. Trump is on offense. This is a good thing. So the question then becomes, how do you keep him there? What is Trump's next chess move? How do you check, mate, Joe Biden? Because Donald Trump masterfully turned this into a competitive race, how do you make it into a race where it's a landslide for Donald Trump?
00:12:36
Because that surge of support we saw for law and order, now it's going to taper a little bit because Joe Biden is going to spend 45 million dollars trying to make himself seen that he is. The Law and order candidate Joe Biden is now visiting the place and saying he actually stands for police and he's going to try to call in some favors with some police unions to try to get himself endorsed, which is to be a very difficult political strategy. But nevertheless, Joe Biden is waking up to the idea that people don't like widespread murder, looting, arson and riots.
00:13:05
The fact it took him this long and they miss this political window to really be able to cement the lead shows you how much hubris there is within Democratic Party elite circles. So how do you do this? What should President Trump do next? What is the one thing where all of a sudden you could take Joe Biden from being on defense, on the riots issue and being defense on another issue, make him reverse his decision on a court position again?
00:13:35
Not just some fringe issue, not just some talking point dilemma, not something that he misspoke on, but a public position, a publicly stated position that he has put forward where Joe Biden has to retract, redact, apologize and change course. What is that issue? Well, right now, the Democrats believe they have the upper hand on two issues and in a sense they think they're related coronavirus and health care. So what's the key spot to get him on Lockdown's the lockdowns are falling out of favor with decent and reasonable people, they are seeing their leaders defy the lockdown's, such as Nancy Pelosi, the Philadelphia mayor, Lori Lightfoot, Andrew Cuomo actually have disrespect and disregard for the very lockdown orders that they are putting.
00:14:26
Meanwhile, small business owners and middle income families are suffering dramatically. What is Joe Biden's position? He wants to have you stayed lockdown play tape. Sworn in come January and we have coronavirus and the flu combining, which many scientists have said is a real possibility, would you be prepared to shut this country down again? I would be prepared to do whatever it takes to save lives because we cannot get the country moving until we control the virus. That is the fundamental flaw of this administration's thinking to begin with.
00:15:03
In order to keep the country running and moving and the economy growing and people employed, you have to fix the virus. You have to deal with the virus. So if the scientists say, shut it down, I would shut it down, I would listen to the scientists.
00:15:20
I would shut it down. I cut an ad for that right now, in fact, we might a turning point action or 524 organization, I would shut it down. Again, the Democrats believe they have the upper hand on two issues and is in this sense, they are related. They believe they have an upper hand on the Chinese coronavirus and on health care.
00:15:40
These draconian lockdowns are incredibly unpopular. Even Democrats hate them. Democrat leaders don't even abide by them. They don't believe in them. They're nothing more than power. Muscle flexing exercises for wannabe dictators that miss their calling and the Eva Peron types. They're also really bad for the economy, we're going to get in exactly how bad they were for the economy in just a second. But often, instead of helping fight the Chinese coronavirus, their main contribution has been detrimental to America's health.
00:16:12
So actually, if you care about the health of the American people, you should be against these lockdown's the next chess move President Donald Trump must execute on right now to win this election. And checkmate Joe Biden while he's on defense on the riots, you could totally pummel his campaign into oblivion. Checkmate him for what he is lockdown Biden. So let's go through the list of the impacts of what Lockdown's would be in Biden's America, which he just said I would shut it down.
00:16:42
Economic at the height of the lockdown's in May, there were close to 41 million Americans unemployed and the impact of the lockdown's on small businesses have been devastating. Now I want to get our language specific. People say, well, the virus has really kept a lot of people out of work. No, that's not true. The lockdowns are reaction to the virus kept people out of work. There's the virus, then there's the lockdowns. Do not conflate the two because we had the choice and we had the capacity to not lock down our entire society.
00:17:08
We could have trusted people and given them the liberty or the agency to make good decisions. Listen to this from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. According to a July survey from Goldman Sachs, 84 percent of recipients expected to exhaust their PP funds by August. That means approximately four million small businesses have likely already exhausted all their funds, or 13 percent of America's 31 million small businesses. Furthermore, only 13 percent I'm sorry. Furthermore, only seven percent of small businesses are very confident they will be able to maintain payroll if no further government help is provided.
00:17:44
And this is just information from small businesses that have been able to stay afloat again. In May, at the height of the Biden lockdown's, The Washington Post reported that more than 100000 small businesses have closed forever. If lockdown Biden gets elected, what about the next 100000 small businesses as the nation's pandemic toll? They write, but it's important distinction they failed to make. It's not the pandemic, it's the lockdown's. If you care about small business owners and if you are a small business owner, Biden is your biggest enemy.
00:18:23
The Chamber of Commerce says businesses will continue to sink if they don't get more support from the federal government, but that's in and of itself its own economic issue, a massive one at that. The deficit is set to increase to three point three dollars trillion dollars this year. Two point two trillion of that is due to the overblown, irresponsible and reckless response to the pandemic, which was a handout to corporate America. National Public Radio, Radio, illegal aliens, PBS and free checks to people that sit around.
00:18:55
And weren't working. It was a dumb stimulus bill, we never should have done it in the first place, I spoke out against it. I know why the president had to sign it. But legislatively and policy wise, I'm a huge critic of borrowing money. We do not have to study things that do not motivate economic growth, subsidize bad behavior, and set precedent for universal basic income, massive crony capitalist bailouts when in reality, small business and middle income owners barely got the help they needed.
00:19:27
No one should want to vote for a renewal of this kind of economic malaise, but that is exactly what Joe Biden is running on. So as Trump has him on the run, going to Kenosha and just I hope Joe Biden, his campaign, realize and recognize and they do. And I hope you recognize watching this movement is an indicator of life in politics. A candidate's time is the most valuable thing a candidate has. The fact Joe Biden goes and has visited to Kenosha is a sign outside of the polling, outside of the spending, outside of the chatter and the punditry and the prognostication.
00:20:04
It is a sign that there's a crisis in the Biden campaign. There is no benefit for him to go to Kenosha. He highlights exactly what his Democrat worldview would do for the entire country and puts the entire country in massive form of jeopardy. Safety, chaos, disarray and ruin. So the Democrats want to talk about health care. They actually think that it's a winning issue. So in some ways, Joe Biden would, on the surface embrace a conversation when it comes to the lockdown's.
00:20:36
He's like, oh, yeah, I'd be happy to talk about the lockdown's. Why not? We'll talk about the lockdown's. But in reality, the Biden lockdowns have been devastating for health care in America, according to electronic medical records, vendor EPIK, appointments for screenings for cancer for cervix, colon and breast cancer were down between 86 and 94 percent in March compared to average volumes in the three years before the first Chinese coronavirus case was confirmed in the United States.
00:21:09
A model created by the National Cancer Institute predicts that tens of thousands of excess cancer deaths will occur over the next decade as a result of missed screenings, delays in diagnosis reductions and oncology care caused by the Chinese coronavirus. Pandemic suicides are on the rise, so Biden supports the continuation and the absolute shutdown of the American economy. The American way of life. Biden wants to lock down your livelihood.
00:21:40
In Fresno, California, for example, suicides are up 70 percent in June compared to the same compared in 2000 19. The National Alliance of Mental Illness helpline has seen a 65 percent increase in calls and emails since March, particularly among high schoolers and from the Center for Disease Control, 25 percent of young Americans ages 18 to 24 seriously considered suicide during the lockdown. If you're watching out this and you're over the age of 50, you should be sick for what we have done to young people in this country.
00:22:08
We have destroyed their life because the experts and the scientists told us to do that. It's also large, in part due the massive increase in drug and alcohol usage. People can't visit their gyms, their social circles, their sporting events. They can't get outside. The only thing that you're allowed to go do is go be angry in the streets. The only allowable or essential activity is go put on a BLM Inc t shirt, say you hate America and you'd be willing to burn the country.
00:22:36
That is considered to be an essential activity in the eyes of the ruling class. These lockdowns kept kids out of schools, gyms and churches, you really think that things are going to end well when you take away the spiritual component, the physical component and the educational component of society? What keeps human beings human is their connection to a God, their physical existence, their educational pursuit, their source of meaning, their source of community. We removed all that.
00:23:01
We said, oh, you could just stay in your apartment and find meaning. No, that is the least free human beings have ever been. We had the greatest experiment, socialism in our country's history. And Joe Biden just said in the clip we just played that he's willing to bring us back to that lock down the country again. President Trump needs to play offense on this issue immediately. President Trump needs to frame it like this. Joe Biden wants suicides to go up.
00:23:29
Joe Biden wants cancers to go undetected, undetected. Joe Biden wants more small businesses to close. Joe Biden wants record unemployment. Joe Biden wants everything that you have suffered through to happen again, unnecessarily. Because he's a power hungry, foolish tyrant and Joe Biden would keep on saying, I'm going to follow the science and President Trump should say and preempt that. I don't want to shut it down because of the science. Joe Biden will say, I would shut it down, I, I'd follow the science, keep on repeating that ad one after the other.
00:24:07
I'm about to take some of your questions if you guys want to win a signed copy of The New York Times best seller The Magga Doctrine, email us right now, freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom Freedom and Charlie Kirchen. I'm about to take your questions. We'll do it right here before I do the. The more President Trump can get Joe Biden to answer on his terms to crisscross the country to places he doesn't want to go, that's how you win the issue.
00:24:29
The lockdown's is falling out of favor with the American people, especially as you see Democrats defy the lockdown's themselves. The Nancy Pelosi hair salon incident is one of the greatest political openings that Donald Trump could have been given. He needs to seize it by seizing it.
00:24:43
He can win this election and preserve the republic and Western civilization with it. Joe Biden was at his best when Donald Trump had to just talk about virus rates, death rates and case rates. Hard to run up against a virus. To be honest with you, it's hard to run one on one up against something that is a transmissible disease, much easier to run up against somebody who wants to shut down all of American society. Again, we cannot endure that.
00:25:09
We can't we do not want to talk about survivability rate. America cannot survive. Another lockdown cannot happen in New York City. Most businesses, restaurants are going to fall that they have to stay shut down in those 60 days. I know fitness center owners in Los Angeles that have totally shut down and they're done. I know entrepreneurs all across the beautiful state of California, all across the beautiful state of New Jersey, that because of the criminal, the criminal edicts that have been put forward to them and because they have no choice.
00:25:39
They shut down. Business licenses are gone. And all the jobs that they produced, all the value they created for that local community are destroyed. And here's a really interesting question for you. Who do you think actually wants Lockdown's again? Who do you think wants Lockdown's again, you might say, well, no one wants them. Who wants Lockdown's again? Who got really rich during the lockdown's? If I was Jeff Bezos, I would want another 100000 small businesses to go under.
00:26:12
What's been amazing to me is how the left has decided not to challenge the economic ruling class in this country, what's been amazing to me is how the left. Has decided that they hate Donald Trump, but they love Jeff Bezos. How did that one work? A year ago, Amazon stock. I'm sorry, on Thursday, January 2nd. Year to date, Amazon stock. Was one thousand eight hundred and ninety eight dollars a share. Amazon stock today is three thousand three hundred sixty eight dollars a share.
00:26:55
So who actually benefited from the lockdown's? Amazon almost doubled their market cap. Amazon's market cap. It's hard to believe, and I'm reading this is one point six, nine trillion dollars, almost one point seven trillion dollars. That they were an 800 billion dollar company not too long ago, Apple just hit two trillion dollar market cap. Now there's a lot of cheap money floating around. So these valuations kind of just playing with silly money, kind of playing with house money.
00:27:27
But I want you to think yourself, who actually is pushing in Joe Biden's ear, lock it down again. Lock it down. The people that actually think small businesses are an inconvenience to society, people don't want the hyper corporatization of America. Now, mind you, incredibly, the Republican Party used to be the party of corporate America. The Republican Party used to be the party of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and giving money to China and bringing in lots of plastic piles of garbage that we don't need into our garages to give to our children that they're going to forget about and throw away six days later.
00:27:57
Now, the Republican Party kind of backed into being the party of middle class workers, family formation, faith and free speech, that's now the Republican Party. And so when Joe Biden is saying I'd lock it down again, you know, who else kind of wants it to be locked down? Again, the pharmaceutical companies, pharmaceutical companies that benefit tremendously from more people taking antidepressants, more people taking, let's say, drugs to solve problems for other problems that drugs cost.
00:28:23
Corporate America benefited tremendously from the lockdown's, especially the tech sector, Silicon Valley, which really runs our country, if we're honest with it, the companies are the people that are the most powerful for our country or Silicon Valley. It's just they run the country. D.C. doesn't run the country. They don't. They say they do, and all of a sudden they pander to the Silicon Valley elites. I'm not saying they have no power, but the real power is vested in Wall Street and in Silicon Valley.
00:28:47
So now Donald Trump is a disruptor to all these power systems. So when Joe Biden says, I want to lock down America, you can then expose who Joe Biden really represents.
00:28:57
He represents the BLM Inc. government addicted. So they get government benefits. They don't work. They get free money from the government. They don't work at all. The UN, the permanent government dependent class, and then the one percent of the one percent of the one percent, that's Joe Biden's constituency. That's who wants another lockdown. Regular, normal, decent, reasonable people. They shudder to think what will happen if we lock down our country again for good reason.
00:29:26
Another shutdown of the American economy. Might break the civilization as we know it. Here's the Freeman. President Donald Trump needs to be the Open Up America candidate. Joe Biden needs to be the lockdown candidate. Lockdowns are not about health care, they're about livelihoods. The longer you keep America locked down, the more social unrest there will be, the longer you keep America locked down, the more suicides. The more domestic abuse, the more sexual abuse, the more alcohol and drug consumption, as soon as you allow liberty to be embraced again as a fundamental value in our country, a lot of these problems will self correct.
00:30:11
The longer you go around with a gun and say, if you leave your home, if you open your business, you're out of business, then all of a sudden you are essentially commanding American society. For the needs, wants and interests of an ever growing group, not ever growing, but ever richer and more powerful group of governing elites, to be perfectly honest with you, I don't think it's a good thing that Jeff Bezos is now worth one hundred and seventy billion dollars while most Americans can't scrape together a couple of pennies now.
00:30:44
I think that Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, their economic policy is anti-American and it's evil and it's immoral. But when Jeff Bezos accumulates that kind of wealth, while most Americans have gone further into debt and their kids are thinking of killing themselves and their other kids are learning to hate America, I ask myself the question, who actually allowed these trends to accelerate? And the answer is people like Joe Biden and Joe Biden. Just once those trends to continue more.
00:31:09
If you lock down the country again, Jeff Bezos will be worth 250 billion dollars and the average American family will be 50000 dollars more into debt. And here's a scary thing. Here's the other reason why people want Lockdown's, here's why Bill de Blasio wants Lockdown's. This is a hard thing for people to realize, I was stopped at an event recently in Montana. And by the way, please email us your questions, freedom at Charlie Dotcom. If I select your question, you guys win a signed copy, The New York Times, The New York Times best seller, The Magath Doctrine.
00:31:42
iSelect, your question. But I was stopped by somebody and they said, Charlie, I refuse to believe that there is an ideological campaign to want to keep America closed, I think it's all under the best interests of people.
00:31:57
I say you've not spent enough time around the American left. You see, Bill de Blasio is a true Bolshevik Jacobin Marxist, he is an Jacobin being a or Jacobin, there's a I pronounce it both ways, Jacobin, Jacobin. French Revolution style insurgent. Bill de Blasio views the American system of governance. To be a mistake. Worse, he he actually considers the American way of life to be a mistake. Bill de Blasio believes at all costs, we must break America from within.
00:32:39
So outside of the corporate elites, you see this very interesting alliance that has been formed in our country. Where you have this. This strange marriage that has happened. Where you have corporate elites that want America locked down again because they're going to benefit from it financially like Jeff Bezos, so everyone can go get. Some package that you didn't really need delivered to you in a day or less because you can't leave your home. So Jeff Bezos benefits from it and then you have the other people that benefit from it.
00:33:12
The people that have been trying to find a way to short circuit overload the programming to put in a virus, no pun intended, into the computer, the computing processing system of America, and destroy it to blow it up.
00:33:26
These people are looking for any and all opportunities, any ports of entry. To disrupt. What we know is the American way of life, the American way of life, as I mentioned in my RNC speech, is you work hard, you play by the rules. You want a better life for your kids. You believe in a higher power. You believe in freedom of speech. You believe in proper firearm, firearm owning. You just try to do the right thing and pass on these values.
00:33:56
The next generation. You believe that service. You believe in duty. You believe in liberty. You believe in the American trinity, in God we trust. You live a life where your kids will live a slightly better life than you do. That's the American way of life. But people such like Bill de Blasio, Mayor Eric Garcetti, Bernie Sanders and others. They had a goal written on a piece of paper before the Chinese coronavirus, before the lockdown's of I Want to destroy America presents to me a way I can do it.
00:34:30
Since the crisis comes and it's not about health, it's not about all that. They instead look at this. As an insurgent opportunity. To overwhelm the American system and destroy it from within, that's where they look at this opportunity. So you have these corporate elites and these Bolsheviks that otherwise would have bitterly hated each other. Partnering with the agreed upon goal, an objective that what we have here in our country must no longer exist. That's the unspoken of tragedy of this moment and by the way, to word it is, that's the unspoken of story here.
00:35:11
It is a tragedy because you have the richest people. And the most disgruntled people that are partnering to destroy what Aristotle would call the golden mean, the middle class, the people in the middle, those that don't have a little they don't have a lot, but they have enough to get by and they're invested in your system. But guess what happens when those people in the middle stop believing in the system, which is happening at an increasingly alarming rate where debt increases, jobs disappear, churches are not allowed to open.
00:35:45
That middle class turns into a revolutionary class and it happens like that. And as soon as the middle class turns in a revolutionary class, leave the country because it's not going to end well. The Republican Party and the conservatives and President Trump can stop all this, you know, what a great way to make sure this doesn't happen. Don't lockdown the country anymore. So Bill de Blasio in a very unusual way, says he hates rich people. He's actually helping rich people by keeping all of New York City closed.
00:36:14
Who do you think's the one that's delivering all the packages because people can't go to these restaurants? Bill de Blasio, Bill de Blasio says I want to tax the rich more. Well, first of all, rich people have a thing called planes and helicopters. So they're out of New York City. You can tax them anymore. They've sold their assets in New York. But rich people also have this really interesting thing called the capacity to still sell goods, even they don't live in your city.
00:36:36
And so the drones flying around now delivering your packages in New York, Bill de Blasio to the lower middle income earners who you've just destroyed their lives because you've said that restaurants are not going to open except outside dining. Well, guess what if you have in October. It's kind of cold in New York and it just it's not easy to have indoor dining. Bill de Blasio says he hates the rich and he wants to tax the rich. Yet his own policy.
00:37:05
Well, actually benefit the wealthiest Americans more so than ever before, but he doesn't care, he just wants to break the system so he can have some sort of Marxist revolution. He considers Fidel Castro and Vladimir Lenin to be admirable figures in American society. Joe Biden is the lockdown candidate. Donald Trump is the Open Up America candidate. Checkmate, Biden. OK, let's get to a couple of questions here, freedom at Charlie Kirkham, and we're also going to give away ten signed copies of the Magga doctrine over a period of time here.
00:37:39
If you guys can show your subscribe to the Charlie Kirk shows to subscribe right now on Apple podcast, we have the link in the Facebook description. Love the show. Thanks for your voice and knowledge. What would Biden propose if the virus never goes away and the vaccine isn't a hundred percent, which no vaccine is, we should stay shut down forever. Depend on government. Yes, he wants to shut down America and he would kowtow to the corporate elites to keep our country permanently closed.
00:38:03
What do I say? That this is a great question. Jenny from Brooklyn. What do I say to people that support the lockdown's? I can tell them these facts and everything, but they still have absolute trust in the science and the government. Surely they don't actually enjoy the new normal. Thank you, Jenny. One, first of all, there's two ways to answer this question, the first of which is just because you open up America doesn't mean you have to leave your house.
00:38:25
This thing called liberty is you don't actually have to leave your home once you open up the country. And the second thing is this. If you still support Lockdown's, you hate people. It's that simple. If you still support Lockdown's. You actually love ideology and dogma more than you love people. It's that simple. It is an immoral position to say that you want to keep America locked down anymore. We are in September, they told us two weeks to slow the spread.
00:38:50
We are in September. And we still can't get the act together with this keep it coal country lockdown, people make responsible decisions or they'll make irresponsible decisions. It is not the role of the state to micro program everything you do. If it was, who wouldn't have speed limits over 10 miles an hour? If it was, no one would own a firearm or kitchen knife. If it was, we wouldn't have pools in the backyard where kids, far too often the American southwest, unfortunately drown to death.
00:39:16
If it was, we wouldn't have fireworks where people blow their head off every July 4th. The incredible thing about liberty is you have to have responsibility. But now we've indulged in this ridiculous, this ridiculously dangerous central planning experiment where we're going to micro program every single citizen like don't leave the home because I know what that's for. You know, you don't know what's best for me. And by the way, I elected you. You don't control me.
00:39:38
We've a thing called first principles in this country forgotten all of that. We are philosophically. Abandoned the fundamental roots of our country so quickly in such a disappointing and sudden fashion. So that's what I would say, Jenny, if you support Lockdown's you love ideology and dogma more than you love people, it is immoral and it is evil to keep America locked down any further. Please continue to email us your questions, freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom.
00:40:07
Let's get to this one, I listen to your show every day, and I love hearing your valuable input on situations going on in the country. Thank you. I'd love to hear your take on as Bill.
00:40:15
SB 145 in California seems like the Democrats are pushing to normalize pedophilia, and it's absolutely disgusting. Thank you and God bless. Dan, I'm going to do an entire episode on this coming up next week. You are right. I'm going to get my research right and get my facts right before I dive into it. I don't want to talk off the cuff on that. It is too sensitive a subject and it is too politically important. I'm going to get all the facts and next week.
00:40:34
So that's a Segway for why these guys got to get involved and engaged in supporting our program. You can add Charlie Kirkham support and also consider supporting us at USA, Dotcom, TPE, USA, Dotcom. You guys please keep on emailing your questions and and freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. And right now subscribe to The Charlie Cook Show. And if you're on YouTube, YouTube in is kind of a little bit of a wrestling match with YouTube.
00:40:57
Curious of everybody for watching on YouTube, please head subscribe right now. That's all you got to do. Hit that bell. Subscribe, give us a thumbs up and leave a comment that helps more than you can imagine. It surges us. It gives YouTube a little bit of a message that people are listening and watching and want what we are delivering. And please subscribe to The Charlie Cook Show. You guys can email me Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom.
00:41:17
I've eyeballs on all those emails. Thank you guys so much for listening. We have huge episodes coming up this weekend. Again, freedom at Charlie Dotcom. Make sure to subscribe. Thank you guys so much. God bless.








PODCAST2)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on our podcast podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Here's to choir singing the exact same peace and. Did you spot the crucial difference, a small difference could be crucial even when it comes to loans, if you're thinking about a personal loan to seek independent money to can help you compare loan rates in seconds to find the best rate for you at Scratchie from the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission.
00:00:39
Hey, everybody. Today on The Charlie Cook Show, we have Tom Fitton from Judicial Watch, who is the nation's leader in voter integrity, mail in voting and so much more. E-mail us your questions for any of the guests that we have on our show, Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. And please consider supporting us at Charlie Cook dot com report when you guys support us at Charlie Cook Dotcom slash support, it helps us more than I can put into words, build the base of support so that we are able to hire more staff due to podcast today, one on the weekends and keep delivering content for you at Charlie Cook dotcom support.
00:01:14
Tom Fitton is here. Everybody buckle up. Here we go, Charlie.
00:01:18
What you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Cook, Charlie Cook run in the White House.
00:01:27
But I want to thank Charlie's an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created. Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country. That's why we are here.
00:01:50
Good ranchers began with the standard of bringing top quality 100 percent American born, raised and harvested meat to families across America. This vision was instilled into them from their grandparents that owned community grocery stores and believed in trust, charity and family values. Good ranchers, dotcom partners directly with only American ranches from across the U.S. to bring the highest quality meat straight to your door. Good ranchers. Dotcom gets 100 percent American raised beef right to your door beef the way it used to be.
00:02:17
Get America's best grass fed beef delivered straight to your door. Don't forget that shipping is always free and the taste is always delicious. Good ranchers, dotcom, 100 percent American beef, chicken and more support. American farmers support the American economy, skip the grocery store mystery meat and buy directly from good ranchers. Dotcom. That's good ranchers with an S dotcom. But the promo code is Charly's. You just go to good ranchers of the dotcom ranchers and right now and use a promo code, Charlie and save thirty dollars relevant not only good ranchers dot com promo code.
00:02:47
Charlie, I love high quality meat. Not that nonsense that you buy at the grocery stores or go to good ranchers. Dotcom that is good ranchers dot com promo code Charlie.
00:02:59
Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of The Charlie Cook Show, I'm joined by my friend Tom Fitton, who runs Judicial Watch, one of the most important organizations in the country fighting because no one is above the law. So first, Tom, I want to get in the mail in voting, but can you give me a little update on the lawsuit that you filed with the city of Washington, D.C. when they decided to plaster Black Lives Matter on the street?
00:03:23
If I'm not mistaken, you guys sued to say why can't we have no one is above the law equal justice? Is that right?
00:03:30
Yeah, our motto is because no one is above the law. That's our motto and motivation. We know that sometimes people act as if they're above the law and the city painted are allowed to be painted. Black lives matter and essentially reads Black Lives Matter equals defund the police just outside the White House. And we're like, well, now the streets are a public forum. Let's let's let's paint our slogan. How can you argue with slogan, by the way, because no one is above the law.
00:03:57
Not that we have to justify it. And of course, the left wing mayor of D.C. has been playing games with us and we had to sue in federal court. So now it's a big First Amendment. Civil rights lawsuit against the lefties is not only suppressing our rights, yet a veterans group wanted to do something. They couldn't get it done. You had a pro-life group, a student group will try to do something. They thought they had permission.
00:04:20
Then they said they didn't. And then they drew something on the sidewalk saying about unborn lives matter. They chalk the sidewalk, unborn lives matter. They were arrested. So this is life in our nation's capital. The Great Depression continues and we're fighting it in court. And so what do you think the likelihood of you guys winning in court? Because it just seems so incredible that if you espouse a certain left wing dogmatic belief, you're allowed to plaster all over the city.
00:04:45
But it's not a public forum. It seems like it's a political forum.
00:04:48
Well, I believe that the facts and law being followed in the Constitution is being applied. We're going to win. I think the city made a mistake. They they got caught up in the moment of this propaganda effort early on in this ideological statement about Black Lives Matter and defund the police. And then when cooler heads prevailed, like Judicial Watch comes in and says, hey, look what's going on here. Can't we do this, too? They they realized they had made a mistake.
00:05:19
Now they're now they're stuck with an awful legal situation. And I think we're going to successfully push back on. But who knows?
00:05:26
You know, that's a Judicial Watch is all about. So let's talk about mail in voting and make some sense of this mail and voting controversy. The New York Post published an unbelievable article that if, again, if this was beneficial at all to Republicans or conservatives, the idea of talking about voter fraud, the left would this would be the number one story on the planet, said Confessions of a Voter Fraud. I was a master at fixing mail in ballots.
00:05:49
I don't know if you saw this article, not by John Levine. A top Democratic operative says voter fraud, especially with mail in ballots, is no myth. And he knows this because he's been doing it on a grand scale for decades now. Why this guy is not in federal prison. Maybe he is. I might have missed that part is beyond me. Can you talk about just first and foremost, is voter fraud real? Oh, of course it's real.
00:06:08
People cheat. They cheat on everything. People cheated solitaire, so why wouldn't they cheat on elections? And, of course, it's happened throughout our nation's history. There was a story a few weeks ago, an interesting piece of history. I didn't know Abraham Lincoln was the victim of a mail in ballot fraud scheme run out of New York. So this is nothing new under the sun. You know, this is a quote, by the way, I'm going to surprise you.
00:06:37
Who wrote it? Blank ballots mailed might get intercepted. Citizens who vote at home, nursing homes, workplace or in a church are more susceptible to pressure, overt and subtle or to intimidation. Vote buying schemes are far more difficult to detect when citizens vote by mail. Who am I quoting? Former President Jimmy Carter and former Republican maven James Baker, I guess, who was Treasury secretary, White House chief of staff under Reagan. Everyone on the left and right always understood voter fraud, absentee absentee ballots, mail in ballots are much more susceptible to voter fraud.
00:07:15
And now, though, because it's become partisan, partisanly convenient for the Democrats, the media has just decided to suppress the common sense notion that when you vote away from the polling place outside the oversight of government officials, campaign poll watchers, you're more susceptible, it's more susceptible to fraud. And right now we're going to be mailing this numbers. Astonishing. Fifty one million ballots to people who haven't asked for them. Forty four million ballot applications to people who haven't asked for them.
00:07:50
And it's a recipe for for not only fraud and chaos if you tie that up with ballot harvesting. But I'm. Equally as fearful that people's votes will be lost, millions potentially vote of voters will be disenfranchised. In the last primary, the most recent primary season, Jacir, five hundred and thirty four thousand ballots were thrown out. So ramp that up to an a to a general election, tsunami of mail in ballots. It's going to break the system.
00:08:24
Of course, you know, I don't even know if it's about voter fraud anymore. I think it's just about breaking the system because it's pretty clear the left, if they don't like the results of the election, they're planning violence. They're planning to go into Congress and threaten secession from the union by certain states in order to get the Electoral College outcome they like. It's not even about voter fraud. It's about chaos in the sense of how is it we make sure that if the election goes the way we don't want it, we can plausibly steal it back.
00:08:55
So but can you can you explain technically how this works so millions of people are getting ballots that they didn't request? I know lots of people that have ballots, dozens of ballots being sent to their house. Is there any mechanism to actually correlate the one ballot to the one voter or they just counted as every other ballot? Because I know. And how is this different than absentee voting? Because that's how the left is making the argument. Well, in some states, they allow you to check to make sure that the ballot is when you mail, it actually correlates counted.
00:09:30
But we know the lists are dirty. We've done an analysis in twenty nineteen. There were hundreds of counties with more people on the rolls and eligible to vote. We know in North Carolina and Pennsylvania who we just recently sued, there are at least nearly two million extra names on the rolls in California. We sued to stop the governor from just mailing to the lists that he knew was dirty. We knew, for instance, in Los Angeles County because they're in the process of removing the names thanks to a settlement with Judicial Watch.
00:10:01
There were one point six million extra names on the rolls, potentially, and he wanted to mail them all and was only stopped because we sued. And of course, that's an indication there are bad names elsewhere and which he's mailing now. But it's just like putting your finger in the dike when you're talking tens of millions of ballots going out. We have to be thinking of ways to stop the ballots from going out because it's going to break the election.
00:10:24
I fear, with the ever increasing number of makes, Fiat, KIYA, et cetera, and models Pasifika five, it is now impossible to stock all the parts you need in a traditional chain store front. Wilander often pointless or seemingly intimidating questioning and wait and wait while the counterman orders the parts on his computer, choosing the only brand his warehouse has happened to carry. You have computers with access to Roc Auto Dotcom at home and in your pocket. One reason to repair and maintain your cars is to save money and that that you can then use for other important things like mortgages or food.
00:10:56
So why would you choose to spend 30, 50 or 100 percent more on the exact same part? So that's why you guys got to go to rock auto. Dotcom chain stores have different price tiers for professional mechanics and do it yourselfers, yet rock outcomes prices are the same for everybody and are reliably low. Bestival prices at rock bottom dotcom are always reliably low for the same professionals and do it yourselfers. So if you go to rock bottom dotcom, just tell them Charlie Kirk sent you.
00:11:22
And if you guys use Rock Auto, just tell him that Charlie Kirk is the best entailment Charlie Kirk sent you. It helps everybody and go to rock star Dotcom right now. Always remember rock out of dotcom, the only parts you ever need. Amazing selection, reliably low prices, all the parts your car will ever need. Ricardo Dotcom.
00:11:43
Well, I mean, just in Michigan on August 4th, primary, Michigan clerks rejected ten thousand six hundred ninety four mail ballots and eight hundred sixty eight hundred forty six of them were not accepted because the voter was dead. Now, think about this, Tom. This means that 864 ballots were filled out by living human beings. They somehow obtained from dead human beings and sent them in. I mean, and that's just that's just one small example. So can you can you answer this question?
00:12:08
Where's the Department of Justice here? Why is the Department of Justice not taking this more seriously? Well, this is another example of AG Barr. He's a great communicator and a great leader on talking about these issues. He had a really fiery discussion with CNN's Wolf Blitzer about it. And but I you know, aren't they cleaning up the rolls? Why aren't they making sure the roles are clean? Judicial Watch is suing to do it. Virtually no help from the Justice Department.
00:12:38
They haven't done any of that. Practically speaking, this new scheme for to mail ballots at the last minute, knowing that millions of ballots may not get to where they're supposed to be, the post office has a delivery rate of about ten ninety ninety one. Ninety two percent for first class mail. That means eight percent of the ballots could be late and never counted at all. Now, of course, the last response to that is what? Oh, well, that's fine.
00:13:07
We'll just count ballots for days and weeks after the election in California. You may not know this 17 days. They plan to count ballots after the election, 17 days. And there's this story in Axios Access magazine or online where the leftists are saying, well, you know, Trump may win on Election Day, but we're going to be counting all those mail in ballots and that will be a landslide for Biden that I mean, they're they're telling us how they're going to steal the election.
00:13:37
And this isn't a partisan issue because I'm concerned Democrats are going to have their votes either stolen or not counted because of this crazed effort to flood the mails with ballots and people relying on the mails. I think that's a trust is misplaced. And I encourage everyone listening to me, whether you're a Democrat, a conservative or a Trump hater, a Trump lover, a Biden lover, a Biden hater, Jill Stein, whoever you want to vote for, vote in person.
00:14:07
It's safe and it's the best way to ensure your vote is counted.
00:14:11
And some people vote absentee, which is a different process. And most states vote by mail, something totally different. It's different because a lot of people are getting ballots they never requested in the absentee. You actually have to apply for it. But to your point, the absentee ballots are usually only one to two percent of all ballots cast. That's very small has to be approved. It's for very specific reasons. Sometimes you have to give a reason as to why you want the absentee ballot like you'll be traveling over the country, won't be in town or you're out of some some other reason.
00:14:39
Right. Or this is something totally different. I mean, the polling place might be open right next door to you and you might get a ballot and say, do I go vote there? Do I do both? And what's the mechanism to show that you don't do both? Well, and I don't know the answer to that, I mean, it's confusing, let's say you want to change your vote or let's say you're not sure if your vote got there and you want to go in there and just vote.
00:14:59
They of you have to figure out what the state law is. This is a mess. And frankly, Charlie, I'm concerned about the absentee ballot process. I've never been a big fan of it. So there's no excuse absentee balloting in too many states. And right now, what the left is trying to do is undermine the Maia's security measures that are in place for absentee ballots. So if you're used to voting perhaps in absentee ballots through absentee ballots, but you otherwise can vote in person, I vote in person.
00:15:31
And, you know, I know Republicans are of two minds on this because they want to get everyone voting any way they can. They want to get votes and they don't want to accede to one side or the other. But that's why you need independent groups like Judicial Watch calling in as we see it. It's it's it's a voting by mail is a menace to free and fair elections. And not only does it encourage voter fraud and ballot harvesting and other illegal intimidatory acts, but it could disenfranchise Americans unnecessarily so.
00:16:01
But what is being done? You guys are suing, but a lot of people ask Charlie, what do I do? Some people actually think Nancy Pelosi is going to become president in January because it's going to take so long for us to count the ballots. I don't know if you think there's any wisdom to this this Internet rumor that has emerged because the system might actually just break beneath itself. But what is being done? I mean, are these state governments fighting up against this?
00:16:22
I mean, just in Clark County, Nevada, more than two hundred twenty three thousand mail in ballots sent to registered voters were bounced as undeliverable. Are Republicans fighting this on a state and federal level enough? Well, the Democratic excuse me, the Republican campaign, the Trump campaign has filed suit in several places successfully, some places successfully not. And the problem is under our constitutional system, that state legislative action, even the even seemingly at the last minute the courts are deferential to.
00:16:55
So it may be that it gets even too late for the states to change the rules. But right now, the left is trying to change the rules to make sure that the security around these absentee ballot programs that are in place are further undermined by allowing it to be counted in a way that just will encourage massive fraud. It's this is the crisis we're facing. Those of us who are concerned about these issues, we have, I think, three or three groups, two or three groups on our side, Charlie, on our side being those who support election integrity, want security, want voter ID, want clean election rolls.
00:17:35
I don't know, maybe we filed five, six, seven lawsuits among all of us. On the other side, you're talking one hundred and sixty lawsuits. Unlimited funding, practically speaking, massive media support, and they're trying to break the system, we're doing our best to stand up against them. And the president has been effective at highlighting the problems with mail in ballots. And so, you know, the Democrats, if they're smart, they're going to encourage people to vote in person, because I think that many people are rightly afraid of mailing in ballots now.
00:18:13
And so they need to start getting their own people to the polls. Indeed, Michelle Obama is backing away from that during the DNC convention. You may recall she talked about voting in person and how important it is to do that and what your what your listeners here can do, become a poll watcher, become a poll worker, apply to work at the polls. Because it's in the counting where the corruption can take place and, you know, if you're a liberal or conservative or whatever, you have a right to become a poll worker.
00:18:43
And we want honest, good people who are going to do their jobs diligently to be at the polls and support other Americans who are going to vote there.
00:18:53
In our fast paced world, it's tough to make reading a priority. At least it used to be. A new app called Thinker has solved that problem by summarizing the key ideas from new and noteworthy non-fiction, giving you access to an entire library of great books in bite sized form. Read or listen to hundreds of titles in a matter of minutes, including old classics like Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, the recent bestsellers like Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life.
00:19:14
If you want to challenge your preconceptions, expand your horizons and become a better thinker, go to think. Tergat let's try and cargo's Charlie to start an extended free trial and put your mind in motion.
00:19:29
So the Bloomberg group said the Red Mirage, which I don't know if you saw this or not, on Axios on HBO, where they were bragging about how well, it's probably true that Trump will win on Election Day and will look like he won. But once we count all of our ballots, then we're actually going to see who really wins. So how do people technically do something about this, become an election judge? They just sign up on their local Tom.
00:19:51
We must get thousands of emails a week of people that this is the number one issue in the conservative base right now is mail by voting No. One, I get more questions about it everywhere I go across the country, from Montana to Colorado to Nevada, California, people are deathly worried that the integrity of our system is disappearing, that it's no longer a system that can be trusted. It's no longer a system that is rooted in in fairness. It's now just seems like there is a there's a partiality to it where if you are on the right political side, you are going to benefit from it.
00:20:19
So how does one become an election judge? Is it a simple process? I know. I know how to do it. But what's your experience when you go to the EC?
00:20:27
The outcome of Election Assistance Commission dot gov comma, Paul Walker, just look it up. Google it being whatever you want to do and it will give you to a site and it may even send you to a left wing site. But the left wing site does send you to where you need to apply to become a poll worker in your individual state. And the state's requirements for poll workers are are different per state, but it's available for people to do.
00:20:53
They need the poll workers. We need them. I mean, I think most of your listeners and viewers probably recognize that coronaviruses no bar to voting in person. As we've been pointing out, Nancy, can get her hair blown. You can vote in person. But by gosh, and you should you know, and there are other things you can do. You can become a candidate. You can you can watch for a candidate of your choice, become a poll watcher to state laws vary on that.
00:21:19
So you've got to figure out how to do that. Ask your local U.S. attorney, who's your point man on voter fraud? Who do I talk to? If there are concerns, who can I tell my neighbors to talk to? Ask your local district attorney. Who do I call to report concerns about voter fraud or misconduct? Put them on notice that you want them to be ready to handle this issue if it pops up and then, of course, talk to your members of Congress, because the left doesn't really think about Election Day being one day.
00:21:51
They think of it as weeks, if not months. And as you pointed out, if it's not decided by January 20th because of a fight in the states that goes into Congress, it ultimately approves the electors. Nancy Pelosi becomes acting president, assuming she is the speaker at the time. That's enough motivation for everyone to come become a poll watcher, but at least she'll get her hair done in the White House or something like that. So I want to shift gears in a time we have remaining here, Tom.
00:22:20
It is now early September. You and I talked about two months ago about Bill Barr and about John Durham. Am I missing something? Is there something coming very soon before the election, you and I shared a cynical view of this back a couple couple months ago. Do you think there'll be some indictments to hold these people accountable for what they did to our president?
00:22:44
Or is it going to be just more absolute lawlessness with no justice at all?
00:22:52
Well, I mean, if we're expecting accountability from the Justice Department for Justice Department misconduct and FBI abuse, I don't think I think we're going to be disappointed. They mishandled the plea agreement of the FBI lawyer who pled guilty to changing the document to make Carter Page into a bad guy when in fact, he was a patriot. He pled guilty by saying, well, I made a false statement, but I thought it was true. How's that work? So they had that one plea that was handed to them on a silver platter last year and they screwed it up.
00:23:27
And now, frankly, Charlie, I think it's too late. I don't think there's no technical reason no one else can be indicted or prosecuted. But there's a lot of practical reasons why that's not going to happen, namely the election coming up. And, of course, you know, if anyone is indicted now and they choose to fight it. Boy, what if a Joe Biden comes in housing an attorney general, Sally Yates, or Attorney General Hillary Clinton, how are they going to handle.
00:23:55
This has been a real disappointment, and I've been sorely disappointed in the Justice Department's slow walking this investigation, protecting Hillary Clinton, hiding documents, obstructing Congress. And look, General Flynn is still on the hot seat. And the reason he's on the hot seat is because the Justice Department. And the FBI stonewalled and hid documents from Harry's team for years and and frankly, they haven't been strong enough in trying to hold those responsible, accountable for that misconduct.
00:24:35
So you and I share the same view, it's now early September. The president has differentiated, differed with you, and I know he thinks that indictments are coming and he hasn't said that explicitly, but he said that without saying it a lot of his press conferences that he thinks something is coming. Do you think that he's being lied to by the people around him? Well, I don't know if he said that, I think he's hopeful something's coming.
00:24:57
I maybe I'm wrong, I'm hope I'm wrong, I'm hoping maybe Brennan gets indicted, maybe struck out, and they certainly don't talk and act like they're fearing indictment. I'm not seeing any evidence that there's going to be that there was even a serious investigation of senior level officials. You had bar wall off Biden and Obama seemingly from even being questioned about this, even though they're directly implicated in some of the misconduct in the least their witnesses, don't you think?
00:25:27
Yeah, I mean, though, it's if if Obama inquest's then Durham hasn't done his job.
00:25:34
Yep, and it sure seems that way. So Judicial Watch is fighting on a lot of different fronts. You guys are also suing. You're also involved in some lawsuits of some transparency around Biden and Hunter Biden. Can you comment on any of that regarding Joe Biden and his time and his involvement in some of the spy scandal?
00:25:54
Yeah, I mean, we're not we're not waiting for Durham and we've been doing all this work irrespective of the just part. That's why we're we're an independent group. We don't we don't rely on the justice and we hope they do the right thing. And follow our lead on Hunter Biden. You know, we're just trying to figure out where he was during the Obama Biden administration. We found out he flew four hundred times for Secret Service protection, including twenty nine trips abroad, five trips to China.
00:26:21
And I think there was a trip to Russia, too, but that's even only part of the administration of Obama. What else happened? Where else did he go the last year or two? And we're asking for those documents. Plus, we want things on the firing, the firings in Ukraine. We want to know about the China deal and and things like that. You know, we're getting documents showing still you may have seen them have Donald Trump Jr.
00:26:50
, Rudy Giuliani, Hannity, Lou Dobbs, Laura Ingraham, they're all being monitored by the deep state anti Trump. So what conversations were being listened to or what they were tracking their social media in violation of law?
00:27:07
You're not allowed to monitor the activities of an American citizen. The Privacy Act prohibits it and they were caught doing it. And the State Department in D.C. said you can't do it anymore. And they had that, quote, stopped, but they really didn't stop.
00:27:21
So was this by an embassy in Kiev or something? Is that right or. Yeah, this is our main embassy in Kiev under then Ambassador Ivanovitch. And they were under significant pressure about the Biden corruption and the interference the Ukrainians committed in our elections with in collusion with the Obama gang in the White House at the time.
00:27:42
You know, we're all supposed to forget about why Trump was impeached. He was impeached because he was they were nervous about the questions he was asking about Biden.
00:27:51
And here we are now in September. And no one's talking about how Hunter Biden's son sat on that foreign board. Well, you guys are I'm saying not many people in the activist media are at all now, not even the politicians who sometimes are our friends.
00:28:08
Yes, that's right. That's right. And and the activist media did not cover at all that handy. And Bongino and many others, Ingram run an enemies list within our own government. Yeah, that's that's how it looks at it looks like an enemies list and. You know, and if you work in government for any period of time, you know, you can start investigating citizens and creating reports on their social media or any other public activities without having a lawful basis for doing so and then be critical of you or you.
00:28:42
Being nervous about their commentary on a topic doesn't justify creating the equivalent of an FBI file on them, the State Department version of it, taxpayer funded tax.
00:28:53
Could you imagine if the Trump administration did that against any of the Joe Biden or anyone else? Anything else? So so, Tom, what else are you guys working on in closing here? How could people support you? How can people get behind what you're doing? You have a terrific book that came out called The Republican Assault. How can people support you?
00:29:10
Well, the book's coming out in October, so people should preorder it. Republic under assault. Look up my name, Tom Fitton. Judicial Watch is all over the Internet, Facebook, judicial watchdog. I mean, we have lawsuits on every issue you care about. From abortion to Biden to immigration to election integrity, we're investigating everything, suing about everything, I exaggerate, but pretty much everything. And so if you're concerned about government corruption, you want to join our movement.
00:29:41
And we're the largest, best government watchdog group, not only in the country, but in the world.
00:29:48
I agree. Well, Tom, thank you for the time here on the Charlie Kirk show. I hope that we'll be able to have some good news soon. Maybe some indictments are a victory in November would be nice. The judicial watchdog. Check out Republik under assault. And thanks so much, Tom, for joining The Charlie Cook Show again.
00:30:02
You're welcome. That's Charlie Zeitun. Thank you. What a great conversation that was with Tom Fitton, if you guys want to get involved, a turning point, USA, go to CPUSA, Dotcom, t.P, USA, Dotcom, e-mail us your questions as always at Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell, Freedom at Charlie Kirk Dotcom. If you guys want to subscribe to the Charlie Kurk show type and Charlie Kaczor, your podcast provider hit Subscribe, give us a five star review, screenshot it and email us Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell.
00:30:30
Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell. Thanks so much for listening, everybody. God bless you. Talk to you soon.







PODCAST3)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey everybody. How do we predict a presidential winner? I'm going to give you an inside look to my ten unique and original keys to see who's going to win in November. Here's how we predict a president. I think you're going to really enjoy it. Please consider supporting us at Charlie Kirkham Report. If you guys are a monthly supporter, you guys get involved and invited to an exclusive Zoome call once a month at Charlie Cook dot com slash report.
00:00:34
Maybe give ten dollars, fifty dollars or five hundred dollars. Any level of support helps keep us moving strong and helps the Charlie Cook Show get in front of millions of more people, helps cover our production costs and more at Charlie Cook dotcom slash support. If you guys want to win a signed copy of the New York Times best seller The Magga Doctrine. Subscribed to the Charlie Kirk show type and Charlie Kirk show your podcast provider hits subscribe, give us a five star review and email us your subscription at Freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell.
00:01:03
If you guys want to get involved, Turning Point USA, go to CPUSA, Dotcom, TPE, USA, Dotcom. Buckle up, everybody. We are going to basically show you who's going to win in November in a way that no one else is to miss.
00:01:16
Episode. Buckle up. Here we go.
00:01:19
What you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Kirk's run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie's an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:01:48
That's why we are here.
00:01:51
How do we predict a president? There's a lot of prognosticators and pundits out there that have made a career out of being wrong, sort of people out there that try to say they know exactly what is going to happen and to know in November and they can see into the future. Now, most of these people have been professionally wrong about basically everything over the last four years. They said Trump will never run. They said Trump was going to lose. They said that Trump would get us into a war.
00:02:14
They said Trump would crash the stock market when President Trump is actually rebuilt the stock market twice as of today. Now, the stock market is plus twenty nine thousand points on the Dow, which now President Trump has done twice, something that no president can ever say they have ever done with that kind of monumental economic gain and recovery all within one term together. So these experts have been wrong about basically everything. And so some of these people that are in the presidential prediction business, such as Allan Lichtman, they've been they've been pretty accurate.
00:02:42
Allan Lichtman is someone who says he can predict presidents based on a certain formula that he has, but he says Trump is going to lose.
00:02:50
I think we should take a pause and look into actually the data of how Allan Lichtman formulates a president. Allan Lichtman has what he calls the presidential keys. Now, Allan Lichtman says that there are 13 keys in a system, some of which being a good or bad economy, whether someone's an incumbent. What are the biggest issues in the country? Some of them, I think, are very interesting and can be helpful.
00:03:12
However, I actually have a system that I have developed myself over the last couple of years of about 10 keys that are a little bit different than Allan Lichtman, 13 keys.
00:03:22
These 10 actually come from grassroots political experience. I've been in politics knocking on doors since I was 14 years old in the suburbs of Chicago. I got my start working for then Congressman Mark Kirk. No relation. Then Senator Mark Kirk did a little bit of work for then presidential candidate Mitt Romney. Kind of regret doing that involved in many races throughout the years, Illinois gubernatorial races. And of course, I had a front seat to the greatest political upset in twenty sixteen, President Donald Trump defeating Hillary Clinton.
00:03:53
Now, I accurately predicted that President Donald Trump was going to win in 2016, the day before the election of when I publicized the map, when I said that President Donald Trump was going to win Michigan and he was going to win the Electoral College, it came under vast amounts of repudiation and condemnation and mockery from the chattering class. So let's take a step back and say, how do we know someone is going to win now? We don't know for certain, but I think it's really interesting.
00:04:17
When I started to think about this and our team here on The Charlie Cook Show started to formulate, how can you accurately predict a presidential winner? Now, today at Real Clear Politics, usually the betting averages are something very interesting. The betting averages right now, the latest latest betting odds, forty nine point eight percent chance that Biden is going to win, forty nine point seven percent chance that Trump is going to win point one percent difference in the betting averages.
00:04:45
So for all these people, I think they know exactly what is going to happen. They're wrong. So if you are losing hope that President Trump may or may not win because the national polls or because some of the polls that might have came out today that show Donald Trump down nine in Arizona, which I don't believe at all, then you have to actually take pause and say, what do they say in 2016? With that, let's take a little refresher and remind ourselves what all these experts, when all these pollsters, when all these professional political pundits were saying just four years ago, play tape on.
00:05:15
Sorry. OK, here we are.
00:05:18
And which Republican candidate has the best chance of winning the general election of the declared ones right now, Donald Trump.
00:05:33
And so right now, Mr. Trump, to answer your call for political honesty, I just want to say you're not going to be president.
00:05:41
All right. But come on, come on, buddy, all let's say cow poo poo aside, there is zero chance we'll be seeing you being sworn in on the Capitol steps with your hand on a giant golden Bible. I'll make a prediction, though, for you. I don't really get into predictions much, but this one, I'll go way out on a limb. Donald Trump will never, ever be president of the United States, that Trump should not be in this race.
00:06:12
He's an absurdity. He is a travesty.
00:06:16
Donald Trump will never be elected president. United States. Donald Trump is the here today gone tomorrow candidate for president of the United States.
00:06:24
And it goes on. And it goes on and it goes on. These professional political pundits and congresspeople were mocking the fact that Donald Trump is going to win. So here are the 10 keys that we have here in the Charlie Kirk Show, how we can predict who is going to win the election. There was one of the reasons as to why we saw that President Trump was going to win as we were actually talking to normal people. We were talking to carpenters, we were talking to welders.
00:06:46
We were talking to average middle class voters. And we able to realize and recognize there was something very special happening in our country. I sent out this tweet the day before the election and said, final prediction, Michigan going to go to Trump or go red. And at the end I said, let's see what happens. One of the favorite Donald Trump quotes. Let's see what happens. So here are the 10 keys to victory. And I think all of them are actually ways that some of you that want to get President Donald Trump re-elected, you can actually participate when you look at what actually matters to moving the dial.
00:07:17
Number one is trends. The most important thing that no one talks about is that an election is not just a Polaroid shot, it is a moving picture. And so President Trump is trending in the right direction. Joe Biden is generally trending in the wrong direction. So you have to understand, when you talk about political polls, you have especially political races, there are multiple variables. It's not just is Donald Trump surging, it's also is the opponent descending.
00:07:43
You have one candidate that is actually doing worse and one candidate's doing better.
00:07:48
And so for Joe Biden, that's exactly the case. It's Joe Biden is actually sinking in the polls while Donald Trump is surging in the polls, you might say. Well, Charlie, of course, that's the case. That's not always the case. Someone's favorability might stay the same where Donald Trump might recover some of those numbers because of undecideds or third party voters. So you just kind of look at some of this polling post convention. And this is a this is political polls on Twitter.
00:08:12
Biden is down among black voter voters. Trump is up. Biden is down among Hispanic voters, Trump is up. And you just look at Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania voter poll in the general election match up. All registered voters in July had 53 percent for Biden, 40 percent for Trump. Now it's 49 percent for Biden, 45 percent for Trump. So if you look at poll after poll, this is why I like the real Clear Politics polling average. You can start to see the actual trend lines of what's happening.
00:08:38
I don't like to cherry pick certain polls. I said I instead look at what is the general trajectory of the race. Now, by the way, this is a massive movement for President Trump in Pennsylvania. Trump is down by two with likely voters in a poll that had Hillary Clinton winning Pennsylvania by six points, not to mention just a nine point shift in the last month. And the Democracy Institute poll from the end of August shows that President Trump is up nationally in battlegrounds.
00:09:07
That's right, nationally and in battleground. So these polls are actually all trending favorably for the president in the CNN poll. This is something very interesting. CNN very carefully and very subtly removed Iowa as one of their battleground states and their battleground tracker, and they added Colorado and Virginia almost taking out Iowa and saying we don't want to track those anymore. And they added, I Virginia and Colorado. Maybe they're seeing something that we're missing. And so what's really interesting about that is that CNN is analyzing a lot more polling than they're publishing and mind you, they include Ohio in their battleground column.
00:09:46
Ohio is not a battleground, it's a blowout state for the president, Trump is going to win Ohio by eight to 10 points, calling it right here and right now.
00:09:53
Now, trusting of all the polling aside, you have to look at trends, do not look at polls with the ever increasing number of makes, Fiat, KIYA, et cetera, and models. Pasifika five. It is now impossible to stock all the parts you need in a traditional chain store front. Wilander often pointless or seemingly intimidating questioning and wait while the counterman orders the parts on his computer, choosing the only brand his warehouse has happened to carry. You have computers with access to Roc Auto Dotcom at home and in your pocket.
00:10:22
One reason to repair and maintain your cars is to save money and that you can then use for other important things like mortgages or food. So why would you choose to spend 30, 50 or 100 percent more on the exact same part? So that's why you guys got to go to rock auto. Dotcom chain stores have different price tiers for professional mechanics and do it yourselfers. Yet rock outcomes prices are the same for everybody and are reliably low. Bestival prices at rock bottom dotcom are always reliably low for the same professionals and do it yourselfers.
00:10:51
So if you go to rock bottom dotcom, just tell them Charlie Kirks sent you. And if you guys you've rock, just tell them that Charlie Kirk is the best entailment Charlie Crist sent you. It helps everybody and go to rock star dot com right now. Always remember rock out or dotcom, the only parts you ever need. Amazing selection, reliably low prices, all the parts your car will ever need.
00:11:11
Ricardo Dotcom, the number two key of how to predict a president is enthusiasm. Who has a more enthusiastic campaign, more enthusiastic polling base, who are more enthusiastic base of support, Simon CLO's from the Democracy Institute, which I cited earlier, the enthusiasm gap is massive, very supportive of President Trump, 82 percent, very supportive of Vice President Biden, 40 percent over double the enthusiasm for President Trump. And just look at the viewership and fundraising from the convention.
00:11:45
This is from Breitbart overthe four day convention. President Donald Trump and the Republican Party earned one hundred forty seven point nine million viewers and raised 76 million dollars in cash over its four day convention. Joe Biden and his radical Bolshevik Jacobin party earned only one hundred twenty two million viewers and raised 70 million dollars. And the president's campaign in the RNC at the beginning of August surpassed one billion dollars, raised the most ever for any campaign ever in the history of politics.
00:12:19
And you can see the enthusiasm when it comes to crowd size as well. I'm fully convinced that Joe Biden doesn't want to come out of his basement and hold rallies because he knows that crowd size will pale in comparison to President Trump's events. I'm actually a big believer that crowd size matters. If someone's going to show up to your event, if someone's going to park at your event and someone's going to show up and take a day off of work to go support you, they are going to go vote.
00:12:42
They're going get others to vote. And it's just a example of a mass movement behind a candidate number three.
00:12:49
Grassroots energy and volunteers. It's not talked about at all by the pundit class or the professionals in cable news. They don't talk about this even in the slightest about how grassroots energy and the volunteer base is one of the leading indicators. I actually think it is the greatest indicator to determine a campaign shot at victory. Look at the level of grassroots support, grassroots donations. How many small dollar donors are there? Are people organically going out in the streets with your message?
00:13:19
Are people organizing behind your campaign without someone telling them or paying them to do so? Are people asking repeatedly, how can I help? How can I help? President Donald Trump is beating Joe Biden by far when it comes to grassroots energy. And you might be saying, well, Charlie, you just mentioned enthusiasm. This is different. These are how many volunteers are showing up to go knock on doors for Joe Biden. Very few to any how many people are showing up to actually help the candidate.
00:13:45
And if you've seen some of these boat parades over the weekend, it's an absolutely incredible sight to see. I'm talking about hundreds, if not thousands of people taking time out of their weekends to load up their boats with Trump flags and signs and parade around lakes, rivers, bays, gulfs, whatever you might see. It is an incredible sight to see. And on the volunteer front, check out this headline from Politico. And this should blow you away.
00:14:08
Trump's campaign knocks on a million dollars a week. Biden's campaign knocks on zero. Can you believe that Biden in the Democratic National Committee aren't sending volunteers or staffers to talk with voters at home and don't anticipate doing anything more than dropping off literature unless the crisis abates? The campaign and the Democratic National Committee, I'm reading from Politico here, think they can compensate for the lack of in-person canvassing with phone calls, text new forms, disorganizing, a virtual meet up with voters.
00:14:38
This is August 4th, 2020, just about a month ago. This is a huge difference between the Barack Obama campaign back in 2008 and 2012 and Joe Biden, one of the main reasons why Obama was able to build that successful Obama coalition is that Obama was a community neighborhood organizer. He knew how to build people and build successful coalitions from the ground up. He was a phenomenal organizer, awful president, but a phenomenal organizer. Biden is not simply utilizing volunteers.
00:15:09
You know why? Because there are none. There's no one to organize, there's no one showing up early on Saturday morning saying, hey, can I please go knock on doors for Joe Biden, that doesn't exist. There's a massive gap when it comes to persuasion on the side of Donald Trump and Joe Biden. When you're knocking on a million dollars a week and you're the Trump campaign, that's only going to wrap up because we ramp up we at a turning point, action our five points for organization running Students for Trump.
00:15:34
This weekend, we are going to be in North Carolina knocking on thousands and thousands and thousands of doors. We are going to be knocking on thousands of doors to get President Trump re-elected. And when you count those thousands and thousands of doors altogether, that makes a difference. The people you're communicating with, the votes that you're driving out to get somebody elected, a ground game can get you elected. Joe Biden has no ground game. This is the one of the most UN known variables right now happening in the entire political landscape is how Joe Biden is completely and totally missing any form of a ground game.
00:16:11
And when you're not knocking on doors, there's other things you're not doing. You're not actually organizing all the different facets of an infrastructure that takes you to victory. You do not have a ground game, then you do not have a campaign. It's that simple. Barack Obama was one of the best organizers ever when it came to building a grassroots coalition. So here's number four. This is a this is a hotly debated topic amongst political. Campaign experts, but I take a very, very strong stance on this yard signs matter.
00:16:50
That's right, I believe yard signs matter. I believe that bumper stickers matter. I believe that yard signs matter. And so number four that I have on this list of predictors of someone who's going to win is are they actually publicly displaying support for you now? Actually, I think that there is an under display of support for President Trump. I think more people would show support for President Trump if they were able to do so if without physical retribution, without losing their job about their career being put in jeopardy.
00:17:18
Now, we knocked on over 15000 doors in western Michigan. We being turning point action and students for Trump, 15000 doors. I drove all throughout western Michigan. I drove throughout Holland, Michigan, throughout Grand Rapids. I did probably about three and a half hours of driving that weekend, spoke at a great church with Pastor Cody. We had a great job, great time. I counted. I kid you not well over 600 Trump for president signs.
00:17:46
600, I had a running tally. Now, mind you, it is a conservative part of the state, but 600. I counted to Biden for president signs to. We had one of our teammates here at Turning Point action on The Charlie Cook Show drive across the country from Arizona to Washington, D.C.. He counted on his drive over 260 Trump signs and for Biden for president signs. Pretty incredible. That tells you something about who's willing to display support, who's willing to actually advocate for a candidate.
00:18:22
Now, you might say, well, Charlie, those are all rural, more conservative parts of. The country. Well, I brought this up a little over a month ago when Biden was trending in the correct direction of the polls, a member of our team was in Portland. You know, many Biden signs he saw one. BLM Inc. abolished ICE and the pro Riet pro terrorism signage outnumbered the Joe Biden signage 100, maybe even 200 to one. And I'm hearing similar stories all across the country.
00:18:56
So ask yourself and really think about it. How many Biden bumper stickers have you seen on the roads?
00:19:01
And maybe Trump wins now, people and I fully understand this, and I'm not saying that they're totally wrong. I'm just saying I completely disagree with the analysis. As people say, yard signs don't mean anything. I don't agree with that. I think that neighbors see leaders who put yard signs on their yard. It is a public display of support. You see it when you come in and out of your driveway. You're thinking about politics or think about persuading people.
00:19:22
I think that it is a multipoint boost. A lot of campaigns disagree, and I think those campaigns are wrong and they lose. How often do you hear about Biden yard signs getting destroyed, stolen or burned? Just recently, there was a 12 year old boy in Denver, Colorado, that was assaulted for having a Trump sign in swing states like Arizona, where the turning point USA headquarters is. I'm seeing such a lack of Biden enthusiasm, I don't think they could give out all the Biden signs if they tried.
00:19:49
I know the Trump campaign is worried that there's actually going to be a yard sign deficit or a yard sign deficiency. We had a turning point action type action. Dotcom are actually going to be giving out yard signs to the best. Grassroots volunteers from all across the country will be announcing that very soon. And this is not a new phenomenon, by the way. Check out this headline from Reuters. In February of this last year, rosy polls, but few yard signs, how Joe Biden stumbled in Iowa.
00:20:14
You might remember that Joe Biden lost Iowa badly after billing himself as the most electable candidate. And here's another from the Chico State University newspaper. So where the Biden bumper stickers this time this time last presidential election, Hillary Clinton bumper stickers were all over cars and Chico. The few Trump stickers were here and they're usually torn off. But Biden signs, stickers, not a chance. This at the university in California. There's questions about enthusiasm for Joe Biden.
00:20:41
Not good, Joe. And there was enthusiasm problems for Hillary. There's definitely enthusiasm problems for Joe Biden.
00:20:49
Good ranchers began with the standard of bringing top quality, 100 percent American born, raised and harvested meat to families across America. This vision was instilled into them from their grandparents that owned community grocery stores and believed in trust, charity and family values, good ranchers, dotcom partners directly with only American ranchers from across the U.S. to bring the highest quality meat straight to your door. Good ranchers. Dotcom gets 100 percent American raised beef right to your door beef the way it used to be.
00:21:16
Get America's best grass fed beef delivered straight to your door. Don't forget that shipping is always free and the taste is always delicious. Good ranchers, dotcom, 100 percent American beef, chicken and more support. American farmers support the American economy, skip the grocery store mystery meat and buy directly from good ranchers. NORCOM That's good ranchers with an S dotcom. But the promo code is Charly's. You just go to good ranchers of the dotcom ranchers and right now and use a promo code, Charlie, and save 30 dollars for a limited only good ranchers dot com promo code.
00:21:45
Charlie, I love high quality meat. Not that nonsense that you buy at the grocery store. So go to good ranchers dot com. That is good ranchers dot com promo code.
00:21:54
Charlie number five is social media velocity. I've come up with this term myself and I think this is something we do not talk enough about. Let's run through some of the social media comparisons between Biden and Trump. On an average day, President Trump sends about fourteen posts to twenty eight million Facebook followers on his campaign account, Joe Biden delivers about half that many posts to an audience of about two million on Twitter. President Donald Trump has eighty five million plus followers and Joe Biden has about nine point one million followers.
00:22:29
President Donald Trump and his campaign is outspending Biden on Google and YouTube of advertising of nearly three to one on Instagram. President Trump has nearly 22 million followers. Joe Biden has over three million and over seven to one difference. Look at this headline from The New York Times that came out last week. What if Facebook is the real silent majority? Right wing influences are dominating the political discussions on Facebook, raising questions about whether it will translate into electoral success in November.
00:22:59
There is grassroots success there, unbelievable grassroots support happening from the right, and it's outpacing the left in a huge way online. The author of the article, Kevin Rose, ranks the top performing link posts by U.S. Facebook pages every 24 hours. Check out the list from yesterday. Diamond Silk David Jay Harris Jr., Breitbart, CNN, Ben Shapiro for America, Dan Bongino, NPR, Huffington Post and David J. Harris, Jr.. Many of them are our friends.
00:23:23
Seven out of 10 of those are right leaning and that's just sharing of the links. And that doesn't include viral content videos or posts, the New York Times article ended with this. Brad Parr scaled the digital director of President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign, told 60 Minutes that if everything Mr. Trump did that year, the thing that actually moved the needle was Facebook.
00:23:46
Facebook was the method, Mr. Brockhouse, Mr. Scale said it was a highway which he drove his car on that highway still open, and right now the fastest cars on it have Magga bumper stickers. Now, before we get into the six key that we have exclusively here on the Charlie Kirk show, and we have some tape to play for you here that show you exactly that. I'm going to be taking your questions here at the end of this program. So just e-mail us your questions.
00:24:08
Freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Kirk Dotcom. And if we select your question, you guys win a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine, if we select your questions. So e-mail us right now, freedom at Charlie Dotcom. So here's something that I believe is not talked about enough to the three top three issues that are in the country correlate with the issues that you want to be talking about. For President Trump, the top three issues are law and order, the economy and preserving our culture and saving the country.
00:24:38
For Biden, it is BLM Inc. It is the virus and it is the Democrat wish list. Those are the top three. But here's really what we're hearing out of Joe Biden, which is hating Donald Trump, weaponized racial group, racial grievance and the Chinese coronavirus. Biden doesn't have issues that he's running on. He doesn't. And he's starting to just realize that it's hurting him again. It took Don Lemon to raise the red flag on CNN. For Joe Biden to realize that he's not having law and order as an issue is actually hurting him.
00:25:11
Play tape.
00:25:12
I do think that this what you said was happening in Kenosha is a Rorschach test for the entire country. And I think this is a blind spot for Democrats. I think Democrats are ignoring this problem or hoping that it will go away and it's not going to go away. And so unless someone comes up with a solution over the next 73 days or 70. So how many days? Sixty eight days, 68 days. So it's not going to the problem is not going to be fixed by then.
00:25:43
But what they can do and I think maybe Joe Biden may be afraid to do it. I'm not sure. Maybe he will. Maybe he is. He's got to address it. He's got to come out and talk about it. And so Don Lemon here playing political campaign manager for the entire Democrat Party publicly. Basically, was the shot in the dark. All of a sudden, Democrats said, oh, yeah, you're right. And next thing you know, Biden is traveling to Kenosha and all of a sudden the peaceful protests went to actually all the destruction.
00:26:13
Is Donald Trump's fault like that? He's also rolling out major national TV ads on this theme, part of the largest ever for his campaign, a 45 million dollar ad spend to re-establish himself as the law and order candidate, which is just laughable. And this is all because the Democrats called the riots and the arson and the terrorism peaceful protests throughout the entire month of July and August. Number seven, incumbent. If you're an incumbent, you're very hard to beat.
00:26:44
This is this is historically an insurmountable advantage. There's only been two incumbents that have lost since 1980, and that is Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush, both for different reasons. The one that really lost as a true incumbent would be Jimmy Carter. George H.W. Bush was, of course, an incumbent, but there were two extenuating circumstances. He was an incumbent after serving as eight years as vice president. So people were just ready for a party switch.
00:27:09
And also, Ross Perot really chiseled a lot of votes away from George H.W. Bush running for re-election in 1992. Trump is able to use his incumbency to his political advantage, perhaps better than almost anyone else, I think, in the modern political era. For example, have his RNC renomination speech on the White House lawn pardoning someone during the RNC and doing a naturalization ceremony from the White House, holding campaign rallies in front of Air Force One, securing once in a generation peace deals in the Oval Office while Joe Biden is in his basement holding his press conference from the James Brady briefing room in the White House.
00:27:47
And like I said earlier, the president has access to narrative setting message show because of this president, Donald Trump is able to actually do things, not just talk about things. Vice President Biden is unable to do things. So there are three ways to grade candidates. There's what you did, what you're doing, what you're going to do. Only an incumbent is able to actually play in that middle bracket, that second bucket. Joe Biden can't actually talk about what he's doing because he's a challenger.
00:28:12
That's why beating an incumbent is so hard, because you're able to say, here's what I did. Here's what I'm doing here and I'm going to do. Or Joe Biden can only say, here's what I did here, is that I'm going to do. And what he did actually contradicts what he wants is going to do. And actually, he didn't do anything except bad things. And no one actually believes what he's going to do. So every day President Donald Trump can actually use the office of the presidency to build goodwill amongst the American population.
00:28:35
He can use the office of the presidency to actually build coalitions of political support. He can use the office of the presidency to be able to broaden his appeal to likely voters. He could take advantage of traveling around the country to take advantage of the fact that he has taxpayer funded travel. And some people say, well, that's not right. Well, every every incumbent president has this. You have the biggest plane. You've got Secret Service protection, and you could go do official visits and people might interpret it politically.
00:29:07
You also take advantage of the fact that the Dow hit 29000 points today and take credit for it. So any good thing that happens in a country an incumbent can take credit for the challenge is when things aren't going well, you take responsibility for it. Key number eight and how to predict a president. More campaign stops. No one talks about this. Very few people do. I believe whoever does more campaign stops generally wins. This is obvious that Trump is winning here.
00:29:31
He did more campaign stops in Hillary.
00:29:33
In fact, it was four to one while Joe Biden was in Wilmington, Delaware, today in his basement, Donald Trump was in Wilmington, North Carolina campaigning. President Donald Trump did five different campaign stops while Joe Biden avoided his own convention. Joe Biden is literally playing follow the leader right now after the DNC. While pundits did a victory lap on his failing convention, Joe Biden released a statement saying he was content to stay in his basement for the rest of the campaign and not have any stops.
00:30:02
Now, after seeing the incredible and monumental success of the RNC and the optics, all of a sudden, Joe Biden is now emerging from his basement. Here's the brilliance of what President Donald Trump was able to do by having multiple campaign stops and actually campaigning around the country and communicating to voters is that he actually forced to campaign what was once a referendum on President Donald Trump is now Biden versus Trump. That's a completely different landscape politically to be playing on.
00:30:31
So Joe Biden is visiting Wisconsin tomorrow for the first time in three years. Here's a very simple question. Why is Joe Biden able to visit Kenosha tomorrow? But he wasn't able to do his Democratic convention in Wisconsin two weeks ago. What's different?
00:30:46
The difference is the poll numbers, not the virus, which you might say, well, you know, that's a serious question that Joe Biden should have to ask from reporters, say, well, welcome to Kenosha. Why are you here now? Why didn't you come to your convention two weeks ago? Why didn't you actually come to your nominating convention?
00:31:00
The reason that the polls are tightening and he knows it and the enthusiasm is on President Donald Trump's side and they're freaking out in the Biden campaign, as you guys know, paying out of your own pocket for gear that you need to do your job is pretty awful if you're high. Searching for military or first responder discounts, they're hard to find, so if you're in any of those fields, listen very carefully because there's a platform called Guddi X.com. It's terrific.
00:31:26
Guvs X works directly with brands to negotiate the best prices possible because you deserve the gear you need at the prices you've earned. Plus, you can trust that the gear you've ordered is 100 percent authentic, direct from the manufacturer. There's a huge collection of gear and apparel from popular brands, all in one convenient location. You see X honors your service and gives back to your communities. So if you're an American of service, a current or former member of the military firefighting front line, medical or law enforcement communities or the emergency medical joint govt acts for free.
00:31:56
Enjoy a community that honors and gives back to patriots like you. If you've got military of first responder background, visit Gov.. X.com, that's Gov X.com and sign up for free for instant access to tons of deals and a community that honors your service. It's promo code kurk for fifteen dollars off first orders of fifty dollars or more. This is a terrific service for those of us that have served our country, Gov. X.com Geof X.com, use that promo code Kaixi, R.K. Key number nine and how to accurately predict a presidential winner.
00:32:32
I have a theory that the more exciting candidate wins than actually the boring candidate traditionally loses. Let's actually work backwards. President Obama was way more exciting than Mitt Romney and John McCain in 2012 and 2008. George W. Bush was far more exciting than John Kerry in 2004 and Al Gore in 2000, Bill Clinton was way more exciting in 96 and way more exciting in 92. Ronald Reagan was far more exciting in 84 and in 88, I can go backwards in time.
00:33:01
In the 1960 election of Richard Nixon versus John, JFK, JFK was way more exciting than Richard Nixon, far more exciting. So Richard Nixon did eventually win the presidency in 1968.
00:33:11
Do you know why Richard Nixon actually ended up winning the presidency in 1968 because of the riots? There's a huge issue in the country in 1968 with social unrest. Richard Nixon was actually former vice president. Under Dwight D. Eisenhower and former governor of California, Richard Nixon was a power hungry politician, one in 68 won even more convincingly. In 1972, his vice president, Spiro Agnew, resigned. Gerald Ford, who I believe was majority leader at the time.
00:33:44
Is that right? I don't think he was speaker of the House minority leader, not majority leader. He was minority leader, ended up becoming vice president of the United States. And then Richard Nixon resigned. And then Gerald Ford ended up becoming the only unelected president in American history. And you know who the chief of staff to Gerald Ford was? Dick Cheney. It's an interesting little factoid. And then in 1976, actually, Ronald Reagan challenged Gerald Gerry Ford to the nomination in 1976 unsuccessfully, and then Ronald Reagan won the nomination in 1980 and beat Jimmy Carter, the incumbent.
00:34:23
And this also applies to primaries. We're not going to get too much into this. JFK beat Lyndon Baines Johnson in the 1960 primary. We can go into that. But I don't want to get too much into primaries. But the exciting candidate usually wins. Donald Trump is far more exciting than Joe Biden. Let me tell you that far more interesting. Number 10 key. And please email us your questions. Freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom.
00:34:44
And if I select your question, you guys win a signed copy of the Magga Doctrine. Number 10, be on the right side of the unexpected. This is an easy way of saying it's better to be lucky than good. Almost always there is an October surprise be on the right side of that October surprise. Whatever that might be right now, President Donald Trump was right on the July and August surprise, which was the endless riots on the streets of America.
00:35:09
There was an unexpected to me. I know the I know the the base of the Democrat Party. I know the base of the arsonist left. So whatever ends up happening in the month of October, it might be a foreign conflict. I don't even want to speculate what it is because it's probably going to be a tragedy. If President Donald Trump is on the right side of that surprise, you will see the polling reflect that. You want to be on the correct side of the unexpected story, Biden for a couple of months was on the right side of the virus and the lockdown story.
00:35:40
So you put all those 10 things together, right side of the unexpected story, the more exciting candidate, more campaign stops, the incumbency advantage, the top three issues. And how do they line up with what the people want and the stances that people are taking? Social media velocity, which very few people talk about. And, of course, which we talk about, yard signs matter and branding matters, organic branding really, really matters. Grassroots energy and volunteers, who has more volunteers?
00:36:08
Who has more people showing up in the streets and knocking on doors, enthusiasm. And finally, of course, the trends, trends do matter and things can get very hot in the last 20 days of a campaign. Remember that things can change all suddenly as soon as people see the two candidates juxtaposed. Now, you might see, well, Charlie, debates aren't on there. I think debates do matter. I would have had a longer list of this.
00:36:29
I'm a believer that debates actually do move public opinion and people watch them. And I think these are going to be some of the most watched debates ever in the history of American politics. Before I get to that, here's what I actually think President Donald Trump has to pivot on. And usually pivot is a bad term. I think that President Donald Trump has to. Had the next chess move, I think President Trump can checkmate Joe Biden after Joe Biden fell into the riots and arson trap by doing nothing for six weeks.
00:36:56
Now, Joe Biden is like, no, no, I'm actually the law and order candidate. Now, here's here's a President Trump has to do call Joe Biden what he is locked down Biden. The lockdowns are the next big issue that no one is talking about. You can see this in the moral outrage that Democrats have in San Francisco of Nancy Pelosi walking to the hair salon. She said she was set up even though the evidence shows it was not a setup at all whatsoever.
00:37:21
Lockdown, Biden will lose the election if Joe Biden's on the side of arson and rioting, rioting and looters out of a swing voters remaining in America, they want the economy reopened. They want their lives back. And by the way, if Nancy Pelosi can go to a hair salon, we can vote in person, I was the first person to tweet that, by the way, everyone's been repeating over the last 24 hours. Just got to have a little bit of a copy right here.
00:37:45
And by the way, I don't mind. It's opensource as long as it's a good take. I don't mind if anyone says it. Let's get to some of your questions. Freedom at Charlie Dotcom. Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell. Hello, my name is Susan. Hi, Susan. And my question is, what happens in the event Donald Trump wins but Biden does not concede it doesn't matter, does not take a concession. The Electoral College re-elect President Donald Trump, they're going to go to the streets, try to get violent.
00:38:08
This is why President Donald Trump needs to understand the channels of communication to be able to mobilize the National Guard. Susan, you win a signed copy of the New York Times bestseller The Magna Doctrine, sending your questions, everybody. What is the best response as a black man to my black peers when they ask me, what is President Trump's black agenda? Please help huge Trump supporter try to convince black people he's the guy for 2020. No. One, he stands for educational choice.
00:38:31
He believes that all Americans, including minority and black Americans, should have the freedom to be able to send your kid to a better school if you currently go to a failing school. This school, this issue disproportionately affects black America. That's number one. Number two, President Donald Trump delivered more results for the black community than Democrats ever have, despite not getting political votes or support from the black community. He went out of his way to go deliver results to a community that is insulted him, scorned him, persecuted him, went up against him.
00:38:59
Why did President Trump do that? Because President Donald Trump is a president for all Americans, not just a select few, not just the elites. If you want law and order, if you want the arson and the crime to stop, President Donald Trump is your guy. If you want jobs, manufacturing, come back to this country. President Donald Trump is your guy. The black agenda for Donald Trump is very simple. I'm going to restrict immigration and get more black people in the workforce.
00:39:21
I'm going to make America the drugstore, the world. We're going to make vitamin C, penicillin, Advil and essential pharmaceuticals again in our country here. We're going to employ black America and all Americans to help do that. I'm going to get the criminals and the thugs and the vigilantes that are on the streets of inner city black America in prison and make sure that they don't have same day bail for first degree murder like they do in the streets of Chicago.
00:39:44
President Donald Trump's black agenda is also about educational choice and family formation. The Democrats have had 45 years of absolute and total political monopoly, total political control. Explain to me why any Democrat and why any black person would go vote for a Democrat right now. I can't see a reason. They've destroyed Chicago, they destroy Atlanta, they destroy Philadelphia, the destroyed Detroit. They've destroyed New York City right now. And one of the unspoken stories happening in America is the death of New York City.
00:40:19
New York City is crumbling before us right now. And Mayor Bill de Blasio is keeping restaurant shut down. He is keeping schools closed. It is the crushing of a once great American city, all because of Democrats. And thanks for your question, Brian, do you want a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magna Doctrine? Here's next question. Hi, Charlie. My question is this. Why are the Democrats, a media saying all the troubles are happening under President Donald Trump, but it's in Democrat run cities and states?
00:40:44
I just went through this. Lastly, why won't they denounce BLM antifa for what they're doing? Thanks, Kenny. What can you win a signed copy the a doctor. Make sure you email me to redeem it. And by the way, again, we are sending out 10 signed copies of the MCG doctrine to anyone who subscribes to us. If you're watching on Facebook, there's that link right now. Just press that subscribe button. Press that button opens up in your phone press unsubscribe button.
00:41:02
Email us freedom at Charlie Dotcom, freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. And if you want to contact us, I all the emails I glance at, I take an have at freedom at Charlie Cook dotcom question comments, feedback you name it. Freedom at Charlie Cook dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. Kennie to answer the question, look, the base of the Democrat Party is BLM Inc. The base is anti fo, the base is lawlessness and the base is arson.
00:41:24
They don't want to offend their base, our base, our normal, decent, reasonable people. And so we don't want to lose votes. But by just doing what we believe in and not defecting against our voters, we don't lose votes. And so BLM and Antifa, they are the enforcement wing of the Democrat Party and Tifa is the paramilitary arm of the Democrat Party. They just are. It is the unspoken rule that if you do not elect Joe Biden, we are going to go to the streets.
00:41:47
This is Joe Biden's form of a hostage situation in our country, basically saying if you do not support us, we are going to continue this political extortion and this political attack in the streets. And this is this is one of those evil things you can possibly do to tell a society that it is going to continue to burn unless you give us power. It is no different than water boarding an entire society, and Joe Biden basically says, you elected me, don't worry, I'll get these protests over with.
00:42:16
And some people are actually. And by the way, we've got a great email the other day, I don't know who sent it, maybe you're watching right now is a phenomenal email. I completely forgot about it. Forgot about the name, not forgot about it. He said where he said something really honest. He said. Charlie, I think they're right when they say the riots are going to stop if Joe Biden wins. I actually agree with that.
00:42:34
I think the riots will stop if Joe Biden wins. I think that's that's exactly the point. Is that what they're saying is actually true is that this is not actually a baseless extortion attempt, that they will turn off the right switch if they went. Next question here. We get a lot of mail in voting questions, by the way, we have a great podcast with Tom Fitton coming up that will answer all of your mail and questions. E-mail us right now, freedom at Charlie Dotcom.
00:42:59
What do you do when you're surrounded by liberals? You mentioned yard signs and bumper stickers. What advice do you have for someone that cannot share their views? I've already had a Gastn flag cut down from my flagpole. Look, I do not envy you one of the greatest blessings that God has given me. I can speak my mind every single day. I can say what I believe. I can do it publicly. I can inspire other people. My best opinion is as Jesse and thank you for that question.
00:43:20
And I hope that you don't get docked because you just got your question answered here on the Charlie Kirk show. You get a signed copy. The Magna Doctrine speak as loudly and confidently as you can to voice truth without compromising the safety of your family. I totally get it that if you're in downtown Portland or in New York City, you cannot wave a Trump flag. I get it. However, that just kind of shows the tyranny that exists in our country.
00:43:41
It is a sophomore material. Hi, Charlie. I'm sure reparations will be a question for the debates. If so, how does President Donald Trump answer David B.. It's a great question, David. In fact, I might actually tell the president this is my next conversation with him, I might actually I'm actually coming up with a debate prep document for the president of five trap questions. I think they're going to pin on him and how I would answer it if I were to believe that, you know, it would actually, you know, the president amazing.
00:44:07
And we have a great relationship. So here's how I would answer this. President Trump said, hey, look, I'm not a big fan of reparations and blaming people based on things they didn't do.
00:44:16
But if the Democrat Party is so focused on reparations, let's start with the history of their party. Why doesn't the Democrat Party pay the reparations opposing the 13th, 14th and 15th Amendment, the Democrat Party on the slaves Democrat Party is the party of KKK. The Democrat Party is the party of racism. Why doesn't Joe Biden pay reparations for being best friends with bitter segregationists? Why doesn't Joe Biden, if he can remember? Because he does have a great memory.
00:44:41
Why doesn't he ask his vice presidential nominee, his best friend, Senator Harris, his new best friend, former enemy, what she thought of his busing strategy when that little girl was her, when she had to actually get bussed? Why isn't Joe Biden here's an idea. Why doesn't Hunter Biden because he has all the money, because he sold us out to China, pay the reparations that the Democrat Party should pay. We as the Republicans have nothing to apologize for.
00:45:04
We're the party that freed the slaves past 13, 14, 15 amendment women's suffrage were the part of the Civil Rights Act. Black liberation. We don't care about the color of the skin. We care about your values. So if you guys want to have reparations, I'm not paying it. Republican Party's not paying it. The Democrat Party should pay it. That's how President Donald Trump should answer a question of reparations and the upcoming debate.
00:45:24
Next question. Hey, Charlie, huge fan for all you do. Do you think Donald Trump can win Maine in 2020? Yes, I love Maine. Maine is one of my favorite states in the entire country. I love all states equally. Unless you're from New York. Kidding haha. But I love Maine, some of the toughest people in the country, some of the best, most ethical people and the the least appreciated people. And they're good lobsterman.
00:45:47
I love the state of Maine. I really do. And I think Donald Trump can definitely win the 2nd Congressional District in Maine and I think he can win all of Maine. Please keep your questions coming. Freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. Here's one from Karl.
00:46:03
We got a lot of questions from people named Carl hey, Charlie, what do you think will happen in the vice presidential debates? Thanks so much. Well, Carl, you want a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magna Doctrine? The VP debates are actually be some of the most important vice presidential debates in American history. Mike Pence versus Kamala Harris. Senator Harris is actually going to be kind of running as a co president. It's not just a traditional vice presidential debate.
00:46:25
This is going to be more important than ever before. And I think Mike Pence, some people call him the Silver Fox, is going to do very, very well. Mike Pence has been phenomenal lately. He was great on Fox News. I think the more Mike Pence, the better. I think Mike Pence needs to be deployed to congressional districts all across the country, the swing areas, these counties that really make a difference. Hey, guys, I encourage you to get involved.
00:46:45
A turning point, USA, USA, dot com. Check out our website. Get involved, get involved for the fight for Freedom and liberty at USA, Dotcom, USA, Dotcom. E-mail us your questions as always at Freedom at Charlie Dotcom, Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom and consider supporting us. We are doing two podcasts a day. I'm traveling the country of the best production team you can possibly imagine. The best fact finding team. We are finding the stories that matter.
00:47:06
We're explaining the issues. We go a little deeper. We give you the history and the philosophy, and we give you an analysis. These 10 things can predict a winner. In fact, they're original here in The Charlie Cook Show. They always work for me. Never, never let me down. I bet you guys can find who's going to win this race based on these ten things. And I think the harder we work, the more we volunteer, the more we're involved.
00:47:27
Things are constantly moving. It is not a snapshot in time. It is instead a motion picture all happening in front of us. Consider supporting us, Charlie Kirkham report. Email me as always, freedom at Charlie Kirk Dotcom. Thank you guys so much for watching. See you soon.
00:47:46
Now, panel, get all the quality parts you need at your locally owned Napa, because right now when you order from Napa online, you can pick up curbside of your local store in just 30 minutes or get your order delivered direct to your door with free one day shipping and over one hundred and sixty thousand quality parts when you spend thirty five dollars or more quality parts delivered quickly and safely. That's Napa. Know how to know how a participating stores started shipping and exclusions apply.









PODCAST4)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on our podcast podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts, at least health care.
00:00:09
We always want to give our members more. So now you get unrestricted access to a world of benefits that will help you stay healthy from convenient video calls with a GPS to get prescriptions online to easy access to experts when you finally want to do something about your near dodgy back. And if you do need to see someone urgently, our clinics are available for minor injuries, all without you needing to put your hand in your pocket. Let's stay on top of your health in every way.
00:00:34
Leor health care looking after you always insurance provided by Elipse insurance, limited training as a health care leor health care, limited trading as a health care. And their life is regulated by the central bank of our own district. Benefits are available at the end of December. Fair usage policy applies.
00:00:48
Hey everybody. Today in the Charlie Cook Show we dive into the commonly used phrase, but not very well understood. Gaslighting, what does that mean? We talk about that phrase and apply it to the news cycle today so you can have better sense of what is happening in our country and also better anticipate what's about to happen. Please consider supporting our program at Charlie Kirchen support that helps support our team, our production costs, so we can hire more people, so we can deliver to podcast every single weekday and one on the weekends.
00:01:21
For those of you that listen to us. Please consider supporting us at Charlie Kirkconnell special report. You can email us. And Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. Time to fight back against the left and what they've been doing to us and manipulating us, which actually is helping Donald Trump. We'll get into that more. Buckle up, everybody. Here we go, Charlie.
00:01:39
What you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Cook, Charlie Cook run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:02:09
That's why we are here.
00:02:11
Hey, everybody. So much happening in the country. We wanted to come to you with instant analysis of what is happening in the news cycle. What is President Trump doing? What is Joe Biden doing? Very important news day. President Trump visited Kenosha, Wisconsin, had a phenomenal visit. Joe Biden still has been unable to answer for his supporters and for the Democrat arson of America. What's happening in our country is something called gaslighting. The great Rush Limbaugh mentioned this today on his program.
00:02:40
And this is something that is thrown around quite often this term, gaslighting. What does that even mean? You might have heard it on the news. In fact, the activist media quite often tries to mislabel US conservatives as gaslighting the country. So gaslighting. The term originated from a British play called Gaslight, which was written in 1938 and performed as Angel Street in the United States. It's been actually got adapted into a film in 1940 and 1944, which are both called Gaslight, and it's used quite often in psychological literature.
00:03:15
And so the play was actually about an abusive husband who was manipulating his wife by turning down the light, which was a gaslight every so often, every evening incrementally, where the wife would turn to her husband and say, am I losing my mind or is it getting darker around here? And he said, yes, you are losing your mind, manipulating the victim venture. The play ends up in his arrest. However, this term gaslighting essentially means manipulating someone or a group of people to believe something that is not true.
00:03:52
According to Psychology Today, gaslighting is a tactic in which a person or entity, in order to gain more power, makes a victim question their reality. Anyone is susceptible, the gaslighting. And it is a common technique of abusers, dictators, narcissists and sometimes cult leaders. It is done very slowly so the victim doesn't realize how much they've been brainwashed. So here are some core characteristics of how gas leaders act. Number one, they tell total and complete blatant lies.
00:04:26
They will lie to you with a total straight face. They do it to assert their power and their dominance over you. They know that they can't keep up with all the lies and they just have to keep double speaking, which is an Orwellian term. Now, a lot of this, especially in the political world, is because the media is complicit in the lie. They love their agenda more than the truth. A lot of members of the media see the world around them and they see it is not their job to tell you what is happening, but to try to change what is happening in the world.
00:04:59
Those are not journalists. Journalists tell you the truth. That is what is happening in the world. They break stories, they investigate and they pursue Veritas. The truth. That is not what's happening right now in the community of people that call themselves journalists. These are activists. That's why we call them the activist media. They know no consequences, gasifiers for getting caught in a lie. They keep their jobs. Their side of the aisle will protect them, even though they have no integrity at all whatsoever.
00:05:31
Everyone moves on and we repeat the cycle of lies again and again.
00:05:36
Gas lighters also deny they ever said anything at all, even though you have proof. For example, quote, you know, they said they would do something, you know, that you heard it, but they outand out deny it. It makes you start to questioning your reality and quote, This is very dangerous because the longer it goes on, the longer it wears you down.
00:06:01
Joe Biden and Senator Harris have done this thousands and thousands of times in the last couple of months, Joe Biden in particular, Joe Biden condemns the violence now because polling showed that he should and we have proof of him failing to do so to condemn violence.
00:06:17
And I'm going to complete the point altogether of how gaslighting as a tactic actually ended up being one of the major reasons as to why President Trump is in a favorable political position, how gaslighting actually is helping Donald Trump.
00:06:31
Joe Biden says he's not a racist and in fact, he calls President Trump a racist, a gaslighting tactic, trying to turn down the temperature ever so slightly so you don't even realize the reality around you. Even though we know that Joe Biden was best friends with bitter segregationists, he says you cannot go to a 7-Eleven without a slight Indian accent.
00:06:49
He said, if you are not black, you if you are not black, if you do not vote for me questioning someone's race, if they do not vote for Joe Biden, he said on Barack Obama, quote, I mean, you got the first mainstream African-American who's articulate and bright and clean and a nice looking guy. I mean, that's a storybook, man. Joe Biden said, I will Ben Franklin. And then Joe Biden says, let me be clear.
00:07:15
Let me be clear. I will not ban fracking. Kamala Harris says she will believe all women and Tara Reid, but then she accepts the vice presidential nomination. And she says while some women are liars, the third attribute of gas, gaslights, they use what is near and dear to you as ammunition. This is from Psychology Today. Quote, They know how important your kids are to you and they know how important your identity is to you. So those may be one of the first things they attack.
00:07:45
They attack the very foundation of your being. For example, they say they tell you that Republicans want to kill your grandparents. They tell you that Republicans are racists.
00:07:54
They tell you that you are a racist. If you support Donald Trump, they tell you that if you support Republican ideas, you're actually against our country. They take something that is personal to you and use it against you, the fourth attribute of gaslights is they wear you down over time. We've talked about this many times on the Charlie Kirk show before. And Saul Alinsky Rules for Radicals. Rule number eight says clearly to keep the pressure on. It is done gradually over time.
00:08:25
Psychology Today says a lie here, a lie there, a snide comment every so often, and then it starts ramping up. Hemingway famously said things happen gradually, then suddenly, so perfectly put. You see, the Soviets, they knew that when you tried to infiltrate America with awful and bitter backwards and evil Marxist ideas, they knew that the first steps took years than the last stretch happened all at once. I encourage you to go back to listen to our June 11th episode where we had prophecies from a KGB defector, Yuri Bezzina.
00:09:02
Manaf, you see, we thought socialism wrongly would never come to America, but for years the ideas were slowly, like planting a harvest in our universities with those very same ideas. Bezzina Monov called useful idiots, for example, the professors, and then, of course, Alexandrian, Cosio, Cortez, Rasheeda Talib, Ilan Omar and the squad came all at once, gradually, then suddenly. Attribute number five of a gas lighter, their actions do not match their words, according to Psychology Today, again says what they are saying means nothing.
00:09:41
It is just talk. What they are doing is the issue. They they're all talk little action. This is basically the entire story right now of what is happening to us politically. What is happening politically right now is you have an entire party that has decided they do not care at all whatsoever. Their actions and their words correlating the Democrat Party does not care that they say one thing and they do another, and there are so many different examples of this.
00:10:14
The laws that they write do not actually apply to their actions is why the Democrats say they hate school choice, but they send their kids to private schools. This is why they say they hate guns. Yet they walk around with armed guards. They say they hate border security, yet they live in gated communities. This is exactly why. Pelosi got her hair done without a mask on in just the last 24 hours, and thank you to the hero that released that footage that shows Nancy Pelosi walking through the hair salon.
00:10:46
I think we actually have a clip of this that I'm going to play. For those of you watching on video and for an audio, I will describe the clip play tape. And as you see here, Nancy Pelosi entering, getting her hair, I guess the right term is blown out without a mask on. So Nancy Pelosi is very quick to say that everyone should have a national Marzook mandate, doesn't wear a mask indoors, maybe she's contributing to the spread.
00:11:20
By the way, the salon was shut down so she can get her hair treatment, but the people of San Francisco cannot and she wasn't even supposed to be there.
00:11:29
Meanwhile, California is literally on fire and suffering from some of the worst fires in years. California's businesses are completely suffering under the tyranny of Democrat control. But it's OK as long as your hair looks fine. No different than Lori Lightfoot justifying herself getting a haircut during the lockdown because she said her appearance means quite a lot. The salon owner, Erika KIOS, said and she shared this video for this reason, I'm sharing this because of what everyone in my industry, in my city is going through right now.
00:12:03
Good for you. You are a hero. Unfortunately, you're going to have your business license revoked very soon by a San Francisco tyrant. She said, quote, We have been shut down for so long, not just me, but most of the small businesses, and I just can't it's a feeling, a feeling of being deflated, helpless and honestly beaten down. I haven't been fighting. I've been fighting for six months for business, for a business that took me 12 years to build, to reopen.
00:12:28
She said, I'm a single mom, I have two children and I have no income. She added, in fact, they did this and she came in. It's like a slap in the face. But Nancy Pelosi, gaslighting us, says that we need to stay closed in our country. That we need to stay locked down. That we need to be without any form of return to normalcy. But Nancy Pelosi can go back to a seven and a half million dollar home, eat her 13 dollar a pint ice cream, and while she says she cares for the working class of this country, it's also exactly why Andrew Cuomo can walk the streets without a mask.
00:13:05
I think we have a picture of this as well of Andrew Cuomo today walking the streets of New York City without a mask. Kamala Harris owns a gun but doesn't want you to be able to. The Philadelphia mayor recently got caught eating and eating inside, but even though it's illegal for the citizens of Philadelphia to be eating inside. Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot vacationed in Maine in the last couple of days while her city continues to burn. Lori Lightfoot vacations in Maine.
00:13:37
Meanwhile, in just the last week, seven people have been shot and killed, 40 shot and wounded in Chicago and forty seven total shot where in Democrat controlled Chicago, where the last time there was a Republican elected to the mayor's office in 1931. We have four hundred and seventy six people shot and killed, two thousand three hundred and thirty seven shot and wounded, and two thousand eight hundred and thirteen people total shot with five hundred and nineteen total homicides in my hometown of Chicago.
00:14:05
But Lori Lightfoot is perfectly OK, vacationing in Maine while her city burns, mandating that police do 12 hours on, 12 hours off, cutting their time off. And but she has to go take care of her mental health by going to Maine, while also saying that she supports the right to protesting. But then she arrests people that dare go on her street because she needs her rest. Can we show that Cuomo picture? I think we have it pulled up here.
00:14:31
Now, this right here is Governor Cuomo walking the streets of New York City with no mask on with his dog while the other citizens have to wear the masks rules for you, but not for me. I guess the best way to say it. Boy, is that just picture just a perfect embodiment of that, yet he's the one. That says that you must wear a mask at every single facet square inch of the state of New York, masks for the but not for me is the best way to say it.
00:15:01
As Orwell said in his seminal work, Animal Farm, all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
00:15:09
Good ranchers began with the standard of bringing top quality 100 percent American born, raised and harvested meat to families across America. This vision was instilled into them from their grandparents that own community grocery stores and believed in trust, charity and family values. Good ranchers, dotcom partners directly with only American ranchers from across the U.S. to bring the highest quality meat straight to your door. Good ranchers. Dotcom gets 100 percent American raised beef right to your door beef the way it used to be.
00:15:37
Get America's best grass fed beef delivered straight to your door. Don't forget that shipping is always free and the taste is always delicious. Good ranchers, dotcom, 100 percent American beef, chicken and more support. American farmers support the American economy, skip the grocery store mystery meat and buy directly from good ranchers. NORCOM That's good ranchers with an S dotcom. But the promo code is Charly's. You just go to good ranchers of the Nasscom ranchers and right now and use the promo code, Charlie and save 30 dollars for a limited only good ranchers dot com promo code.
00:16:06
Charlie, I love high quality meat. Not that nonsense that you buy at the grocery store. So go to good ranchers. Dotcom that is good ranchers dot com promo code.
00:16:14
Charlie, consider the DNC as another example. Remember the Democrats quoted our founding fathers. They paid homage to the Constitution in the Declaration of Independence, but they say they want to reimagine America and absolutely and fundamentally transform transform it. By the way, I could go through example after example of Democrats saying one thing and living another, whether it be Elizabeth Warren saying she hates school choice and hate private schools. Yet she sent her kids to private schools, whether it be Bernie Sanders saying that he wants to basically eradicate private property in our time, or Bernie Sanders saying that he wants to have Medicare for all, or Bernie Sanders saying that he wants to have a socialist takeover of our country.
00:17:02
While he charges money for his book while he flies around in private jets, or Barack Obama and Michelle Obama saying that diversity is our strength, yet they live in Martha's Vineyard, which is one of the least diverse places on the planet. Why don't Barack Obama and Michelle Obama live in the south of Chicago? I don't. They live in Hyde Park. Why don't they go live near U.S. Cellular Field? Are they afraid of all the crime that's happening?
00:17:28
Instead, they live in the lowliest white part of the entire country. The left is very quick to tell you to live under their mandates, but they do not want to live under those mandates themselves. And we call that hypocrisy. But it's even worse than that. It's contempt. It is hypocrisy, but it's worse, they actually hate you, they think so little of you, they mock you with their actions. They do not respect you, the voters, they don't respect us, the sovereign, the people.
00:17:58
They are so willing to defy their own publicly stated positions that they know they will never be voted out of office no matter what they do. The same to be said for the activist media that goes around trying to enforce everyone to wear masks. Why they themselves, including head of the White House Correspondents Association, was not wearing a mask at the event that I was at this last Thursday. On the White House lawn with the president accepted the Republican nomination.
00:18:30
The Democrats will always advocate for policies and positions that they themselves do not want to live under a conservative, as you can see my shirt here, which will be for sale very soon. You guys can check out TPE, USA dot com slash store, CPUSA dot com slash store to check out these amazing shirts and swag that we have at Turning Point USA. But will this one's not yet for sale. So this is an exclusive viewing of the new merch that we have at Turning Point USA.
00:18:59
But we as conservatives will never advocate for a singular position that we ourselves will not live under ever. You will not find one position that I advocate for that I am not comfortable embracing and living out every single day. For example, I never want to take your guns away. I'm happy living with firearms and I think you should be happy living with firearms. I want to one day send my children to a good school, maybe outside of a public school district or maybe homeschool my kids.
00:19:29
I think you should be able to do the same. I'm perfectly OK with you living in a gated community, if you can afford it and you think that's the best decision for your family. And I might make that decision, and I also think that we should have border security, so I like walls in the macro and in the micro. There's not one position that conservatives have articulate that they themselves do not live out. And if they do, then actually we as conservatives hold ourselves to high enough standards to run those people out of office.
00:19:59
I want you to imagine for a second if the minority leader, Kevin McCarthy, was found. To be getting some form of a haircut without a mask on national disgrace, I want you to imagine if President Donald Trump had a edict or an order saying you can't eat inside and President Trump was found eating inside of a restaurant that he closed down. I want you to imagine. If Governor Ronda Santos of Florida said that every single person needs to wear a mask outside at all times in Tampa, Orlando, Jacksonville, and was walking the streets of those cities without a mask on, how would the media react?
00:20:37
Because the activist media is an extension of the gaslighting Democrat Party. We're going to get into that even deeper, the six attribute of the gaslighting tactics that we are seeing in the media and of the Democrats is they throw in positive reinforcement to confuse you, this person or entity that is cutting you down, telling you that you don't have value. This from Psychology Today is now praising you for something that you did. This adds an additional sense of uneasiness.
00:21:06
You think, well, maybe they aren't so bad, but yes, they are. This is political manipulation at its finest, Republicans follow this all the time, at least before Trump came to town. Look what you were praised for. It is something that served the gas lighter. This is exactly why when Senator Mike Braun said he supported the BLM Inc. movement that wants to destroy the Western proscribed nuclear family, abolish prisons and abolish the police, I went after Senator Mike Braun harder than almost anyone else in the conservative community, probably second only to Tucker Carlson, because we do not tolerate Republicans pandering to the gas Slider's.
00:21:46
That Republican Party is over. Republicans always seek the approval of the gaslighting left, we want to be let in, we want to be into the party, we want to get invited to the cocktail party. We want to go to CNN, we want to have our kids go to the elite universities. That has ended thanks to President Trump, we are wise to you. I never want to be part of that social circle. I never want to get a positive reinforcement from the left.
00:22:13
You don't like me. And if that's the case, then the battle lines are drawn and I'm not going to try to win favor from you. Attribute number seven, the gaslighting left is they know confusion weakens people, this is very important. They know that when people cannot get their aim right, they know they know one, people cannot get clarity in their future destination. That confusion is a gateway to tyranny. They know that chaos leads to destruction.
00:22:42
Humans, natural tendency, this is from Psychology Today, is to look to the person or entity that will help you feel more stable. And that's what happens, and that happens to be the gas lighter. I call this electoral extortion. What is happening right now in this country when Joe Biden comes and says, do you really think that the violence is going to get better if President Trump gets re-elected? This is a hostage situation, America. Joe Biden in his campaign when he says that they are holding us hostage by saying, if you re-elect Donald Trump, we are going to throw my base and my supporters into the streets.
00:23:24
And what you've seen in Kenosha and Portland and Seattle is just the very beginning. Many people may or may not vote for Donald Trump, they actually might not if they think that the arson is going to continue. That is not a reason not to support Donald Trump, even though I believe that the riots soon after the President Trump wins re-election, which is looking more and more likely thanks to the gas Slider's. And we're going to tell you exactly why and how.
00:23:51
Even though I think the violence will continue because they have said it will continue and they are threatening more violence. That is not a reason not to support President Trump, do not be extorted. This is blackmail. This is no different than the first die hard movie where they are holding people hostage and they're asking for demands in return. This is no different than the movie Inside Man. We're a group of bank robbers are holding people hostage and asking for something in return.
00:24:21
In some ways, they hope that we will achieve some form of Stockholm syndrome where we don't fall in love with the people that are holding us hostage. Because the gas lighting has been so blatant. And so brazen. In the last couple weeks and months. The gaslighting tactic has now proven to be very dangerous, one for the Democrats. We'll get to that even deeper.
00:24:49
America is ready to get back to work, but to win in the new economy, you need to take every advantage to succeed. Smart companies run a NetSuite by Oracle, the world's number one cloud business system. With NetSuite, you'll have the visibility and control over financials, our inventory, e-commerce and more everything you need all in one place. Whether you're doing a million or hundreds of millions in sales, NetSuite lets you manage every penny with precision. You have the ability to compete with anyone, work from anywhere and run your whole company right from your phone.
00:25:14
Join over 20000 companies who trust NetSuite to make it happen. NetSuite surveyed hundreds of business leaders and assemble the playbook of the top strategies they're using as America reopens for business. Receive a free guide. Today's seven actions need that you need to take now and share your free product to NetSuite, Dotcom, Kirch, get your free guide and schedule your free product tour right now at NetSuite, Dotcom, Kirch, NetSuite, Dotcom, Kurk.
00:25:37
Attribute number eight of the gas slider's. They project they are a drug user or a cheater, yet they are constantly accusing you of that is according to Psychology Today. This might be the favorite tactic of the left. They say conservatives are racists when they themselves endorse the most racist organization in the mainstream of our country. Let me be very clear when I say this. The most racist organization in the mainstream of our country is BLM Inc., the most racist organization that is receiving corporate funding.
00:26:10
BLM Inc. The left are the true racists. The Democrat Party is the party of slavery, KKK, Jim Crow of opposing the 13th, 14th and 15th Amendment, opposing the Civil Rights Act, opposing Martin Luther King Jr.. The left wants black only dormitories today and they want a black only schools. In the 1960s, the left wanted black only schools in the 1920s and the left went to black only schools in the 80s. They want black only learning environments.
00:26:42
It feels like something a KKK member would advocate for in the 90s. The left has always cared about skin color. The right has always cared about character. We as conservatives were founded as the Anti Slavery Party. We should be proud of that. That's why wear the shirt conservative, because that's who we are. We care about conserving the natural rights that God gave to us. As a gift, not that government gave us those rights. The left calls us the racists when they themselves are the most racist people in America, the most racist individuals in America.
00:27:19
Our governor, Kate Brown, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Joe Biden, Senator Harris, because they judge people based on the color of their skin. We judge people on worldview and character values and decisions. The left says we have no respect for the rule of law when they are the ones that are actually trying to overthrow Western civilization. And our most fundamental element, which is that justice is blind. If you have a picture of lady justice, you see that she's wearing a blindfold.
00:27:47
The idea of blind justice is it doesn't matter about your socioeconomic level. Does it matter about the color of your skin or your religion? You will get a fair trial, a fair hearing with a jury of your peers. This is a Christian idea that if you are innocent, you should be exonerated by a jury of your peers. If you are wrongly accused, you should have an opportunity to defend yourself. The left prefers critical race theory, which is to change the entire society in favor.
00:28:18
Of BLM Inc., which they prefer critical race theory, which is a very, very dangerous way to try to destroy all of Western society, to give an advantage to what they believe is a disadvantaged portion of American society. This is what they teach in all of our universities is what many young people across the country are learning, and this is why they want the lawless to run free while the left continues to do whatever they want to do across the country.
00:28:53
Email us your questions, by the way, I'm going to be taking some of your questions live here on this live stream, freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell, you can email us directly and for the questions that I select, you guys get a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine. And for 15 random emails that email us a question right now, if you can prove your subscribe to our show, we'll send you some of the new turning point.
00:29:15
USA Mirch, 15 random emails attribute number nine of gas, which is what's happening right now in our country. Number nine, as they try to align people against you. Sound familiar from Psychology Today? Gas lighters find people they know. We'll stand by them no matter what. And they use these people against you. This is what Democrats are doing with the black community. They spread fear, disinformation and propaganda to keep the black community under their control, they hyphenate us, African-American, Asian-American, they divide us to control us.
00:29:53
We as conservatives and the great Dennis Prager articulates this phenomenally well. Believe in the American Triniti, e pluribus unum, in God we trust and liberty. E Pluribus Unum is on the presidential seal. When President Donald Trump was giving that phenomenal press conference today in Kenosha, Wisconsin, E Pluribus Unum was on that seal front facing to the world, which means it's a Latin phrase out of many one. The left does not believe in that. The gaslighting left absolutely does not believe in that.
00:30:21
So they try to align people against you. They want to have black against white, rich against poor men versus women. Look at the major movements of the American arsonist's left in the last decade. Occupy Wall Street, rich versus poor. I got my start walking through Zuccotti Park in the fall of 2011 and I learned more about the left in six hours of dealing with Zuccotti Park, Occupy Wall Street Marxists than any university could have taught me about the left laxly.
00:30:49
The university, probably what it taught me a lot about the left, but I learned a lot about the left in six hours when I was still a high schooler. Walking Zuccotti Park in Manhattan, the second biggest movement that came up recently is the Metoo movement, turning men against women believe all women. But what about facts? What about women that lie? No, no, no. Just believe all women, tribalism, having men be more skeptical of women and having women hating men.
00:31:14
The modern day feminist movement is much more about hating men than ever, empowering women. And now the most recent movement that we have seen, which is on race, the ultimate tribal identity because Occupy Wall Street. And me, too, did not have the same full fledged transformational effect that the arsonist gaslighting left was seeking, so then they decided to launch new organization BLM Inc., which of course, is a money laundering scheme designed to take white liberals money in some form of financial atonement and some sort of guilt exercise so that they can go burn down your country.
00:31:54
You know, it's really not that difficult, BLM raised hundreds of millions of dollars this summer and people are wondering who's funding the destruction of these cities. People are wondering who's funding the buses and the tickets for these people to crisscross America. It's Bank of America that gave a billion dollars. It is PepsiCo, 400 million dollars. It is YouTube that is putting one hundred million dollars to just black content creators, which is a racist thing to do. To just give people money based on the color of their skin is racist.
00:32:26
The left cares so much about race.
00:32:28
Why? Because that's all they have, because that's within their DNA, within the DNA of the left is caring about things you cannot control, its caring about immutable characteristics, its caring about collectivist action. We care about values, not skin color. We care about actions. We care about how you operate in the world where the left only cares about skin color.
00:32:55
As you guys know, paying out of your own pocket for gear that you need to do your job is pretty awful. If you're hunting for military or first responder discounts, they're hard to find. So if you're in any of those fields, listen very carefully, because there's a platform called God X.com. It's terrific. Guvs X works directly with brands to negotiate the best prices possible because you deserve the gear you need at the prices you've earned. Plus, you can trust that the gear you've ordered is 100 percent authentic, direct from the manufacturer.
00:33:22
There's a huge collection of gear and apparel from popular brands, all in one convenient location. You see, God honors your service and gives back to your communities. So if you're an American of service, a current or former member of the military firefighting front line, medical or law enforcement communities or the emergency medical joint govt acts for free. Enjoy a community that honors and gives back to patriots like you. If you've got a military of first responder background, visit guvs X.com, that's Gov X.com and sign up for free for instant access to tons of deals and a community that honors your service.
00:33:56
It's promo code kurk for fifteen dollars off first orders of fifty dollars or more. This is a terrific service for those of us that have served our country. Gov. X.com Jehova X.com use that promo code. Kaixi R.K..
00:34:12
Number 10 is they tell you or others that you are crazy, the Gaslight or knows if they question your sanity, people will not believe you when you tell them the gas slider is abusive or out of control. Look at how they attacked Trump's mental fitness, let me say that again, they tell you or others that you are crazy. They say that he lies all the time when Trump says that Russia and Ukraine are hoaxes, they want you to distrust him, even though it's totally true.
00:34:45
They want you to think that Trump is crazy, that he's insane, that he's a pathological liar, even though they are the ones that are gaslighting and lying for a living. When President Trump says that mail in voting is going to result in widespread fraud, they want to say, oh, no, you're nuts for believing that even though you can see in real time how pathological that belief is and they try to say that you're dumb, that you're deplorable.
00:35:12
For example, Joe Biden said this Does anyone believe that there'll be less violence in America if Donald Trump. Is re-elected, Joe Biden also tweeted out or a Joe Biden staffer also tweeted out the following Donald Trump keeps telling us if he was president, you'd feel safe while he is president, whether he knows it or not. Trump and Pence are running on this. You won't be safe in Joe Biden's America. But and what's the proof, the violence you're seeing in Donald Trump's America?
00:35:38
The simple truth is that Donald Trump failed to protect America. So now he's trying to scare America. This is the work of a master, gaslights, or someone who's had 47 years to exploit and gaslight Americans. We have a full list of all the mayoral positions of how long it has been since a Republican has become mayor in the city's. There's not been a Republican mayor of Atlanta since the eighteen hundreds that a Republican mayor of Chicago since nineteen thirty one, and yet they're trying to say it's Donald Trump's fault that the Democrats have created the hundreds of thousands of black and Hispanic death in our cities.
00:36:14
Last time there was a Republican mayor of Atlanta, 1879, Chicago, 1931. Baltimore 1967. Detroit 1962. New Orleans in 1872. Pittsburgh nineteen thirty four. Seattle nineteen forty six. Philadelphia, nineteen fifty two.
00:36:27
Yet somehow it's Donald Trump's fault. He's only been there for three years when it's nothing but Democrats and antifa and left wingers burning down America at number eleven of a gas slider's. They tell you everyone else is a liar by telling you that everyone else, your family in the media is a liar, it again makes you question your reality. If you think that a spike in crime is bad, Left says, well, yeah, can you believe that conservatives are behind all that racism and BLM is peacefully protesting?
00:36:53
I want to get this Ted Wheeler clip going, who is the mayor of Portland? I think he's being held hostage by the radical left in his city. Listen to what he has to say. President Trump, for four years, we've had to live with you and your racist attacks on black people. Do you seriously wonder, Mr. President, why this is the first time in decades that America has seen this level of violence? What America needs is for you to be stopped so that we can come back together as one America.
00:37:29
So I'm going to do the work that I need to do here in my local community with my local officials to take accountability for what's happening on our streets. And I'd appreciate that either the president supports or you stay the hell out of the way.
00:37:43
So as you saw there and heard there, clearly he says we need to get rid of Trump so we can come back together as a community. Where he is blaming President Trump on the perpetual violence that's happening in Portland. Let me get this straight. President Trump wins an election, offers federal help, and your left wing base decides to burn down your city. And it's the president's fault. Only the left could believe something so gaslighting, Lee, untrue.
00:38:10
So here's how it all comes together, where this actually is now benefiting President Trump. So for the entire summer. We were told by the media that these were all peaceful protests for the summer. We're actually trying to call out the riot and the arson and the looting. We sent a film crew into Chazz in Seattle. We were told that this was mostly peaceful protesting. This is all until Don Lemon came out last Thursday and said this is showing up in the polling.
00:38:42
We actually don't care about the country burning. We just care about this might actually prevent us from getting power. You don't understand. This is a real thing. We have to get in front of this. And as soon as that happened. The Democrats pivoted, but it's it's a lot deeper than that. And we have we have a clip of a CNN journalist saying it's a mostly peaceful protest as the entire city is burning behind him. This is a great example of the gaslighting that happened before the Democrats realized the polling deficit happening in front of them play tape.
00:39:14
What you're seeing behind me is one of multiple locations that have been burning in Kenosha, Wisconsin, over the course of the night, a second night since Jacob Blake was seen shot in the back seven times by a police officer. And what you are seeing now, these images came and come in stark contrast to what we saw over the course of the daytime hours in Kenosha and into the early evening, which were largely peaceful demonstrations in the face of law enforcement.
00:39:42
It wasn't until nightfall that things began to get a little bit more contentious. Things were thrown back and forth. Police started using some of those crowd dispersal tactics like tear gas, even playing really loud sounds to push them out. And then what you were seeing, the common theme that ties all of this together is an expression of anger and frustration over what people feel like has become an all too familiar story playing out in places from across the country, not just here in Kenosha, Wisconsin Christine.
00:40:12
Or so hard that listening this journalist to I don't know his name seems like a nice enough guy. He's wearing military gear. OK, that guy could have been in the Kandahar Valley in Afghanistan. And as he's wearing military gear, the Kairouan on CNN says fiery but mostly peaceful protests after police shooting. So this gaslighting, what ended up happening is all these attributes that we talked about, they tell you everyone else is a liar. The riots aren't happening.
00:40:38
They tell you or others are crazy. There's no riots. No one cares about them. They try to align people against you. All these sorts of tactics of the left, they project, even though they're the ones doing the rioting.
00:40:48
As soon as Don Lemon and the merchants of Chaos at CNN recognized and realized. That the people of America. We're not buying the gas lighting, so here's what ended up happening, is that the media and that clip embodies it perfectly. Instead of gas sliding slowly and going down one little interval every evening as what happened in the play Gaslight, the media turned the lights off altogether. And then basically us being in an abusive relationship with the media and the Democrat Party, we said, why is it also dark?
00:41:23
All of a sudden they said, it's not dark, you're crazy. No, I actually just saw you turn off the lights. So they did gas lighting with very little patience. And they also did it while their entire cities are burning around the citizens they claim to represent. And so as soon as it actually started to materially show up to interrupt and. Prevent or threaten their political future. They now start to gaslight again, so now they are gaslighting to try to fix an issue that gaslighting created.
00:41:56
You see, if the Democrats and the media would not have gas lit in early July, I can make the argument that President Donald Trump would be in a very significant polling deficit right now.
00:42:07
You see, the gas lighters gave President Donald Trump an opening because of the Democrats commitment to tell lies, because of the Democrats commitment to mislead you and to try to say it's mostly peaceful protesters because remember, the Democrats will pander to the most extreme voices of their base no matter what, because they're in an unhealthy, abusive relationship with the Bolsheviks in their party.
00:42:29
Therefore, the media was being held hostage by this entire coalition of activists and journalists, I put in quotes journalists that were saying, no, it's just mostly peaceful, mostly peaceful, mostly peaceful. And because of that decent, reasonable people that had their businesses burnt down, that had their friends restaurants completely looted, or the watch repair shops in downtown Chicago like Wabash watch repair Mohammad Ashik in this country, 42 years paid his taxes. BLM Inc. comes and steals all of his stuff.
00:43:00
You combine all that together. And then the people have real dissension for the party that is gaslighting them, they have real anger and they immediately retreat to the propolis party instantaneously. So now the Democrats are trying to correct what they realize. They're regretting something Joe Biden, Senator Harris and the Democrats are regretting they would they did not denounce the violence earlier. It's such an easy thing to do. It's not really worthy of a medal.
00:43:32
Joe Biden comes out and says violence is bad and then just gets back on his jet after 12 minutes and takes no questions. The media says, what a wonderful speech by Joe Biden. This is so courageous. He literally just came off his plane for 12 minutes and said violence is bad and then went on his job again. And so what ends up happening now is the people that are a lot smarter than you might think that we did elect Donald Trump, by the way, back in 2016, a lot smarter than you might think.
00:44:00
Woke up to the pathological propaganda campaign being put forth by the bitter, most radical elements of our society, and the polling started to reflect it since the polling started to reflect it. The Democrats pivoted and now they're trying to guess that again, it's another gaslighting again, by doing what I mentioned earlier where they said, does anyone believe that there'll be less violence in America if Donald Trump is re-elected, holding us hostage? This is a hostage situation that we're in with the Democrat Party.
00:44:26
And so then Joe Biden and this is a better argument for the Democrats.
00:44:30
This is an argument the Democrats should have had in early August, because it sounds good, even though it isn't good.
00:44:35
I'm not saying there's truth to it. I think that it's superficially more difficult for those of us that support President Trump in law and order to debate against. And I'm just being a fair observer here. If the Democrats would have done this throughout July and August, they very well might have put President Trump in an impossible polling deficit to overcome. But because the Democrats were engaged in deceitful, arrogant tactics of gaslighting, of acting as if none of this rioting is happening, they opened a pathway for re-election or President Trump that he ran through for the entire convention.
00:45:10
Talked about what happened in Kenosha, talked about what happened in Minneapolis, Seattle and Portland, all the Democrats had to do in their convention was say that the riots are happening in Donald Trump's America and it would have made it a much more confusing issue. I don't think that's a good argument factually. I'm going to tell you why it's a bad argument if you dive into actually why the riots are happening, but at least it's addressing that the riots are happening.
00:45:36
And that's what the Democrats refused to do for two months, they basically made they gave us a gift as Trump supporters, where, mind you, it's a difficult political environment for those of us to run in. I mean, I'm not going to be very fair and just tell it how it is. It's hard to run for re-election when you have a once in a century pandemic, which very well might have been an attack by the Chinese Communist Party.
00:45:58
You shut down your economy and your very you have less than desirable employment numbers. This is a hard environment for someone to run re-election. But all of a sudden you're almost in a statistical tie. And the latest real clear politics voting average has President Trump down just two point three points in all the battleground states as I'm sorry, two point six points in the battleground states of moving average, which we know that there's more enthusiasm for Trump that very well would favor President Trump.
00:46:22
Also, it shows here that the betting odds have President Donald Trump at 49 percent of winning and Joe Biden at fifty point two percent.
00:46:32
It is it's a statistical tie in the betting odds market right now. And this is all because the Democrats were so convinced and they were arrogant. And did the Democrats not learn anything from 2016? If they would have had the humility to actually recognize what was happening in the very country that they were trying to govern, they could have delivered Donald Trump a political death blow. And I'm saying this is a friend of the president and as a Donald Trump supporter.
00:47:00
But because of how ridiculously foolish they were in late July and early August, they completely changed this race. I flipped through MSNBC, CNN, Fox News today, all three channels were covering violence of the riots in some form or fashion. Bill Stepien, who's doing a great job as campaign manager for the Trump campaign, came out and said it perfectly today.
00:47:19
He said, you want to be talk about issues you want to be talking about. Do you think Joe Biden really wants a referendum on riots right now? Of course not.
00:47:25
But Joe Biden could have put this issue to bed very quickly, where now you have people like Vicki Ostrer while coming out with books. That's called The Case for Looting. We covered that extensively in our episode yesterday, The Charlie Kirk Show. I encourage you to check it out. So now Joe Biden is trying to gaslight further. Sounds good to say this again. This is this is a better messaging campaign for him. It is. And it's harder for those of us that are Trump supporters to talk about it, because it's it's just it's like drive by bumper sticker type stuff.
00:47:55
But it's so easily defeated with, like, one sentence of facts or cross-examination.
00:47:59
But he says this and I repeat it. Does anyone believe there'll be less violence in America if Donald Trump is re-elected? OK, so basically he's holding us hostage. But then he says Donald Trump's keep telling us if he was president, you'd feel safe while he is president, whether he knows it or not. Well, first of all, President Donald Trump has offered National Guard support to everything in one of the cities that is burning. And this is why President Donald Trump was brilliant in his visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, today.
00:48:19
This is why President Donald Trump was brilliant, because he treated it like a victory lap, not as a complaining tour. He said, I brought in the National Guard. We brought down the riots. We were restored. Law and order. Look at this one hundred nine year old photo shop that was burned down to the ground because of Joe Biden supporters. That is a winning message. Voters will appreciate and reward it, whereas Joe Biden very well is trying to confuse the American population.
00:48:42
He could have done this when he was leading by 12 points in the polls. Now that Joe Biden is gaslighting, he has lost so much respect and his party has lost respect on this issue. They're trying to make up ground in time that they know their internal internal polling is blowing up in front of them because the Democrats are so supportive of the arson of America because that is their base and they were afraid to offend it. And, oh, it's BLM Inc.
00:49:05
They had this massive chasm where decent, reasonable people. And by the way, let's get the recent polling in the black community. President Donald Trump had one of the greatest bounces of support for a Republican president ever when it came to the black community whites because the Democrat people realize you just turned off the lights on us. You've been trying to gaslight us. You lied to us. You deceived us. You bitter, arrogant, power hungry maniacs. I don't trust you.
00:49:27
Who's a police party? OK, I didn't like that guy before Trump, but I love him now. Protect me. That's what happened in the month of August with an awful convention for the Democrats and a phenomenal convention for Trump. We went from a race that seemed unwinnable for Donald Trump to a race that looks like the betting odds are about to go and President Trump's favor in real time. And if President Donald Trump continues to dominate daytime television like he did in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and he did last night on cable primetime television with Laura Ingraham and Joe Biden, this is a little drive by 12 minute deal.
00:50:00
Meanwhile, their vice president Pence with Bret Bair. That's a hard campaign to run up against. It's hard where Donald Trump is in battleground state Wisconsin. But Mike Pence is in battleground state Pennsylvania. And every day right now that we are talking about the riots and arson and terrorism is a day that favors Donald Trump. That is an issue that Donald Trump wins on. The Democrats are now known as the party of insurrection and police abolition. That's what they're known as as long as President Trump is the party of normalcy, stability, people actually kind of want their lives back right now.
00:50:36
And President Donald Trump can make the argument that it's because of the Joe Biden voters. These are the Biden riots, that this is all happening. I want to take your questions. If I select your question, you guys get a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magna Doctrine, Freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Kirkham. And if you guys can show that you're subscribed to the Charlie Kirk show type and Charlie Kirk show right now, do your podcast provide or better yet, if you're watching on Facebook, click that link right now.
00:51:05
Hit subscribe, give us a five star review screenshot it will give away 10 signed copies of the New York Times bestseller The Magna Doctrine. Here's a question and congratulations, Laura. You know, when a signed copy of The New York Times best seller Magga Doctrine, because you e-mailed your question of freedom to Charlie. Hi, Charlie Kirk. Hello. How does one break free of the gas lighter in a relationship and using that method, what would it look like for America to break free from the gas lighters and Democrat Party and the activist media?
00:51:30
Thank you. God bless. That is a great question that it's probably better suited for a psychologist. But since we went through Psychology Today and we went through all the steps that lead to gaslighting in our country and in relationships, I'm gonna talk more about the country. I'm not going to talk so much about the relational side of it. But I could tell you at least four people that I have dealt with that are gas lighters, you confront them directly, you get your words right.
00:51:53
You look at them in the eyes and you communicate clearly about how they're manipulating you, but how they're deceiving you and you get the facts straight, bullies and people that lie do not like to be confronted. That's why the Democrat Party in the activist media hates Donald Trump so much because he actually confronts them for the first time. He actually looks at them clearly and honestly and says, you guys have been deceiving tens of millions of people professionally for the last couple of decades.
00:52:18
Jamie says, Hey, Charlie, big fan. Thank you. Do you think that the president should stay away from the Kenosha Kyle Rittenhouse issue? I'm afraid the left will use this as another way to attack the Second Amendment as well. It's a very complicated issue. I think when the president is asked about it, he should not betray Kyle Rittenhouse. I don't. I did a whole podcast on it, I said that two things, Kyle Rittenhouse probably should not have been prowling the streets with an AR 15 at night.
00:52:42
Not a good decision, but the police should have been able to do their job in the National Guard. That brought them in earlier. Kyle Rittenhouse has been indicted also for illegally possessing a firearm under the age of 18. OK, he might be guilty of that. I don't know. We'll see what ends up happening. However, this this garbage of first degree murder, it's self defense. It's that simple. He's being chased down on the streets and hunted by other vigilantes.
00:53:05
He was not a vigilante. If Kyle Rittenhouse was doing the hunting, then fine, that's completely different. But I actually think that people can see in that one instant instance what happens. When lawlessness allows to reign on the streets, Kyle Rittenhouse, I'm not going to say he did nothing wrong, I think that's a wrong way to put it. But he did not commit first degree murder and he should not go to jail for the rest of his life.
00:53:30
He should get a misdemeanor felony for illegally owning a firearm under the age of 18, which, by the way, basically every single gangbanger in Chicago owns a firearm illegally under the age of 18. OK, so that's not exactly a new found criminal violation. And then he also I think there was an unlawful discharge of a weapon, I don't think he should be charged for that. I think he should be charged for misdemeanor felony if that which, by the way, would just be community service, slap on the wrist and maybe a month in prison.
00:53:57
Not an indictment for first degree murder. First degree murder. It means premeditation clause means and how you pull it up. None of those things apply there. His attorney, attorneys doing the right thing by defending this young man. And so while I don't agree, when people say, oh, Kyle hit Rittenhouse did nothing wrong. Look, again, I'm not I can't say that maybe he owned the firearm incorrectly and all that. And I'm not a huge fan.
00:54:21
If you're 17 or 18 going and taking their 15 or walk in the streets at night. But he should not go to jail for the rest of his life. In fact, I don't even think I support him going to jail at all, considering the misapplication of justice in this country, for defending himself, for being hunted down on the streets. He is the victim. He was being hunted down on the streets and whacked across the face. And the person who did that, according to a friend of his in the hospital, said, I wish I would have killed him.
00:54:46
It is unbelievably gaslighting, Lee, true. To see how the media has treated this young man, they call him a white supremacist, a white nationalist and by the way, Kyle Rittenhouse has just hired Nicholas Sandman's lawyers. So if I was in the activist media, I'd be very careful attacking Kyle Rittenhouse might be the end of your entire media operation as we know it. Because Nick Sandeman, I don't think is even done suing media organizations, we are taking questions here and freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom.
00:55:22
Here's one question right here from Carl from Pennsylvania. Hey, Charlie, I'm really worried about the growing race war in our country. Do you have any thoughts on this? Thanks so much. Love the show. Well, congratulations. You win a signed copy, the Magna Doctrine. There's actually a story I wanted to get to that I didn't have time to. I want to be very clear. Any sort of encouraging of a race war is evil.
00:55:41
I want to deescalate racial tensions in our country right now. I think it is evil what is happening in our country. I want to play this tape and then I get to tell you about a story play tape right here of a white person being assaulted in the street and people laughing about it when it happened, clocked across the head play tape. Hunted down. And boom, and then the person who filmed the video laughing and chuckling as he does it with a brick, I think there's a brick in his hand, right, walking with a brick in his hand or some sort of blunt force object that gave him the ability to do that.
00:56:15
If you haven't seen the video, it's absolutely horrific. And this type of random black on white attack is seemingly becoming more common. The Daily Wire just reported this from August 31st. Quote, A 51 year old white male was the victim of an unprovoked stabbing at AutoZone on August 25th. The victim was in critical condition following the attack, but is now expected to recover. The suspect in the case, 19 year old Javon Hatchet, a black male told police he targeted the suspect, a store employee, because of his white skin.
00:56:42
Another example, three days before the last one, 30 year old Steve Sinclair, according to an arrest affidavit out of Aurora, Colorado, quote, used a knife to stab 29 year old Michael Connor, who was transported to the hospital for his injuries and a collapsed lung. Local news reported that Conner, the victim, told police that his attacker, a black man, shouted Black Lives Matter prior to stabbing him. The Daily Wire reported, quote, Sinclair continued saying Black lives matter to police when they arrived.
00:57:09
According to the first officer on the steam scene, the officer wrote that Sinclair had his hands up and said, I stabbed him. I'm a psychopath. I refuse to sit down and insisted that officers should shoot him. Could you imagine if white people were hunting black people down on the streets like this? We would hear that front page network news. And this is not to blame that you can't blame Donald Trump for this at all, Donald Trump is trying to heal America and bring America together from this.
00:57:34
It is the left that wants a race war in this country bitterly, totally and categorically. If you guys want to win a signed copy, the Magna Doctrine, all you have to do for those you watching on Facebook, just click that podcast link, show us your subscribe by screenshot it and reverting it back at Freedom at Charlie Dotcom. And we will send you a signed copy of the New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine.
00:57:56
If you guys want to get involved, a turning point, you are saying get amazing shirts like this and fight for freedom on college campuses. Go to TP, USA, Dotcom, CPUSA, Dotcom, and please consider supporting our program at Charlie Kurk Dotcom support. We'll be back with you live tomorrow. Thank you guys so much for listening. God bless.







PODCAST5)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on our podcast podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts, at least health care.
00:00:09
We always want to give our members more. So now you get unrestricted access to a world of benefits that will help you stay healthy from convenient video calls with a GPS to get prescriptions online to easy access to experts when you finally want to do something about your near dodgy back. And if you do need to see someone urgently, our clinics are available for minor injuries, all without you needing to put your hand in your pocket. Let's stay on top of your health in every way.
00:00:34
Leor health care looking after you always insurance provided by Elipse insurance, limited training as a health care leor health care, limited trading as a health care. And their life is regulated by the central bank of our own district. Benefits are available at the end of December. Fair usage policy applies.
00:00:48
Hey everybody. Today in the Charlie Cook Show we dive into the commonly used phrase, but not very well understood. Gaslighting, what does that mean? We talk about that phrase and apply it to the news cycle today so you can have better sense of what is happening in our country and also better anticipate what's about to happen. Please consider supporting our program at Charlie Kirchen support that helps support our team, our production costs, so we can hire more people, so we can deliver to podcast every single weekday and one on the weekends.
00:01:21
For those of you that listen to us. Please consider supporting us at Charlie Kirkconnell special report. You can email us. And Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. Time to fight back against the left and what they've been doing to us and manipulating us, which actually is helping Donald Trump. We'll get into that more. Buckle up, everybody. Here we go, Charlie.
00:01:39
What you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Cook, Charlie Cook run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:02:09
That's why we are here.
00:02:11
Hey, everybody. So much happening in the country. We wanted to come to you with instant analysis of what is happening in the news cycle. What is President Trump doing? What is Joe Biden doing? Very important news day. President Trump visited Kenosha, Wisconsin, had a phenomenal visit. Joe Biden still has been unable to answer for his supporters and for the Democrat arson of America. What's happening in our country is something called gaslighting. The great Rush Limbaugh mentioned this today on his program.
00:02:40
And this is something that is thrown around quite often this term, gaslighting. What does that even mean? You might have heard it on the news. In fact, the activist media quite often tries to mislabel US conservatives as gaslighting the country. So gaslighting. The term originated from a British play called Gaslight, which was written in 1938 and performed as Angel Street in the United States. It's been actually got adapted into a film in 1940 and 1944, which are both called Gaslight, and it's used quite often in psychological literature.
00:03:15
And so the play was actually about an abusive husband who was manipulating his wife by turning down the light, which was a gaslight every so often, every evening incrementally, where the wife would turn to her husband and say, am I losing my mind or is it getting darker around here? And he said, yes, you are losing your mind, manipulating the victim venture. The play ends up in his arrest. However, this term gaslighting essentially means manipulating someone or a group of people to believe something that is not true.
00:03:52
According to Psychology Today, gaslighting is a tactic in which a person or entity, in order to gain more power, makes a victim question their reality. Anyone is susceptible, the gaslighting. And it is a common technique of abusers, dictators, narcissists and sometimes cult leaders. It is done very slowly so the victim doesn't realize how much they've been brainwashed. So here are some core characteristics of how gas leaders act. Number one, they tell total and complete blatant lies.
00:04:26
They will lie to you with a total straight face. They do it to assert their power and their dominance over you. They know that they can't keep up with all the lies and they just have to keep double speaking, which is an Orwellian term. Now, a lot of this, especially in the political world, is because the media is complicit in the lie. They love their agenda more than the truth. A lot of members of the media see the world around them and they see it is not their job to tell you what is happening, but to try to change what is happening in the world.
00:04:59
Those are not journalists. Journalists tell you the truth. That is what is happening in the world. They break stories, they investigate and they pursue Veritas. The truth. That is not what's happening right now in the community of people that call themselves journalists. These are activists. That's why we call them the activist media. They know no consequences, gasifiers for getting caught in a lie. They keep their jobs. Their side of the aisle will protect them, even though they have no integrity at all whatsoever.
00:05:31
Everyone moves on and we repeat the cycle of lies again and again.
00:05:36
Gas lighters also deny they ever said anything at all, even though you have proof. For example, quote, you know, they said they would do something, you know, that you heard it, but they outand out deny it. It makes you start to questioning your reality and quote, This is very dangerous because the longer it goes on, the longer it wears you down.
00:06:01
Joe Biden and Senator Harris have done this thousands and thousands of times in the last couple of months, Joe Biden in particular, Joe Biden condemns the violence now because polling showed that he should and we have proof of him failing to do so to condemn violence.
00:06:17
And I'm going to complete the point altogether of how gaslighting as a tactic actually ended up being one of the major reasons as to why President Trump is in a favorable political position, how gaslighting actually is helping Donald Trump.
00:06:31
Joe Biden says he's not a racist and in fact, he calls President Trump a racist, a gaslighting tactic, trying to turn down the temperature ever so slightly so you don't even realize the reality around you. Even though we know that Joe Biden was best friends with bitter segregationists, he says you cannot go to a 7-Eleven without a slight Indian accent.
00:06:49
He said, if you are not black, you if you are not black, if you do not vote for me questioning someone's race, if they do not vote for Joe Biden, he said on Barack Obama, quote, I mean, you got the first mainstream African-American who's articulate and bright and clean and a nice looking guy. I mean, that's a storybook, man. Joe Biden said, I will Ben Franklin. And then Joe Biden says, let me be clear.
00:07:15
Let me be clear. I will not ban fracking. Kamala Harris says she will believe all women and Tara Reid, but then she accepts the vice presidential nomination. And she says while some women are liars, the third attribute of gas, gaslights, they use what is near and dear to you as ammunition. This is from Psychology Today. Quote, They know how important your kids are to you and they know how important your identity is to you. So those may be one of the first things they attack.
00:07:45
They attack the very foundation of your being. For example, they say they tell you that Republicans want to kill your grandparents. They tell you that Republicans are racists.
00:07:54
They tell you that you are a racist. If you support Donald Trump, they tell you that if you support Republican ideas, you're actually against our country. They take something that is personal to you and use it against you, the fourth attribute of gaslights is they wear you down over time. We've talked about this many times on the Charlie Kirk show before. And Saul Alinsky Rules for Radicals. Rule number eight says clearly to keep the pressure on. It is done gradually over time.
00:08:25
Psychology Today says a lie here, a lie there, a snide comment every so often, and then it starts ramping up. Hemingway famously said things happen gradually, then suddenly, so perfectly put. You see, the Soviets, they knew that when you tried to infiltrate America with awful and bitter backwards and evil Marxist ideas, they knew that the first steps took years than the last stretch happened all at once. I encourage you to go back to listen to our June 11th episode where we had prophecies from a KGB defector, Yuri Bezzina.
00:09:02
Manaf, you see, we thought socialism wrongly would never come to America, but for years the ideas were slowly, like planting a harvest in our universities with those very same ideas. Bezzina Monov called useful idiots, for example, the professors, and then, of course, Alexandrian, Cosio, Cortez, Rasheeda Talib, Ilan Omar and the squad came all at once, gradually, then suddenly. Attribute number five of a gas lighter, their actions do not match their words, according to Psychology Today, again says what they are saying means nothing.
00:09:41
It is just talk. What they are doing is the issue. They they're all talk little action. This is basically the entire story right now of what is happening to us politically. What is happening politically right now is you have an entire party that has decided they do not care at all whatsoever. Their actions and their words correlating the Democrat Party does not care that they say one thing and they do another, and there are so many different examples of this.
00:10:14
The laws that they write do not actually apply to their actions is why the Democrats say they hate school choice, but they send their kids to private schools. This is why they say they hate guns. Yet they walk around with armed guards. They say they hate border security, yet they live in gated communities. This is exactly why. Pelosi got her hair done without a mask on in just the last 24 hours, and thank you to the hero that released that footage that shows Nancy Pelosi walking through the hair salon.
00:10:46
I think we actually have a clip of this that I'm going to play. For those of you watching on video and for an audio, I will describe the clip play tape. And as you see here, Nancy Pelosi entering, getting her hair, I guess the right term is blown out without a mask on. So Nancy Pelosi is very quick to say that everyone should have a national Marzook mandate, doesn't wear a mask indoors, maybe she's contributing to the spread.
00:11:20
By the way, the salon was shut down so she can get her hair treatment, but the people of San Francisco cannot and she wasn't even supposed to be there.
00:11:29
Meanwhile, California is literally on fire and suffering from some of the worst fires in years. California's businesses are completely suffering under the tyranny of Democrat control. But it's OK as long as your hair looks fine. No different than Lori Lightfoot justifying herself getting a haircut during the lockdown because she said her appearance means quite a lot. The salon owner, Erika KIOS, said and she shared this video for this reason, I'm sharing this because of what everyone in my industry, in my city is going through right now.
00:12:03
Good for you. You are a hero. Unfortunately, you're going to have your business license revoked very soon by a San Francisco tyrant. She said, quote, We have been shut down for so long, not just me, but most of the small businesses, and I just can't it's a feeling, a feeling of being deflated, helpless and honestly beaten down. I haven't been fighting. I've been fighting for six months for business, for a business that took me 12 years to build, to reopen.
00:12:28
She said, I'm a single mom, I have two children and I have no income. She added, in fact, they did this and she came in. It's like a slap in the face. But Nancy Pelosi, gaslighting us, says that we need to stay closed in our country. That we need to stay locked down. That we need to be without any form of return to normalcy. But Nancy Pelosi can go back to a seven and a half million dollar home, eat her 13 dollar a pint ice cream, and while she says she cares for the working class of this country, it's also exactly why Andrew Cuomo can walk the streets without a mask.
00:13:05
I think we have a picture of this as well of Andrew Cuomo today walking the streets of New York City without a mask. Kamala Harris owns a gun but doesn't want you to be able to. The Philadelphia mayor recently got caught eating and eating inside, but even though it's illegal for the citizens of Philadelphia to be eating inside. Chicago Mayor Lori Lightfoot vacationed in Maine in the last couple of days while her city continues to burn. Lori Lightfoot vacations in Maine.
00:13:37
Meanwhile, in just the last week, seven people have been shot and killed, 40 shot and wounded in Chicago and forty seven total shot where in Democrat controlled Chicago, where the last time there was a Republican elected to the mayor's office in 1931. We have four hundred and seventy six people shot and killed, two thousand three hundred and thirty seven shot and wounded, and two thousand eight hundred and thirteen people total shot with five hundred and nineteen total homicides in my hometown of Chicago.
00:14:05
But Lori Lightfoot is perfectly OK, vacationing in Maine while her city burns, mandating that police do 12 hours on, 12 hours off, cutting their time off. And but she has to go take care of her mental health by going to Maine, while also saying that she supports the right to protesting. But then she arrests people that dare go on her street because she needs her rest. Can we show that Cuomo picture? I think we have it pulled up here.
00:14:31
Now, this right here is Governor Cuomo walking the streets of New York City with no mask on with his dog while the other citizens have to wear the masks rules for you, but not for me. I guess the best way to say it. Boy, is that just picture just a perfect embodiment of that, yet he's the one. That says that you must wear a mask at every single facet square inch of the state of New York, masks for the but not for me is the best way to say it.
00:15:01
As Orwell said in his seminal work, Animal Farm, all animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
00:15:09
Good ranchers began with the standard of bringing top quality 100 percent American born, raised and harvested meat to families across America. This vision was instilled into them from their grandparents that own community grocery stores and believed in trust, charity and family values. Good ranchers, dotcom partners directly with only American ranchers from across the U.S. to bring the highest quality meat straight to your door. Good ranchers. Dotcom gets 100 percent American raised beef right to your door beef the way it used to be.
00:15:37
Get America's best grass fed beef delivered straight to your door. Don't forget that shipping is always free and the taste is always delicious. Good ranchers, dotcom, 100 percent American beef, chicken and more support. American farmers support the American economy, skip the grocery store mystery meat and buy directly from good ranchers. NORCOM That's good ranchers with an S dotcom. But the promo code is Charly's. You just go to good ranchers of the Nasscom ranchers and right now and use the promo code, Charlie and save 30 dollars for a limited only good ranchers dot com promo code.
00:16:06
Charlie, I love high quality meat. Not that nonsense that you buy at the grocery store. So go to good ranchers. Dotcom that is good ranchers dot com promo code.
00:16:14
Charlie, consider the DNC as another example. Remember the Democrats quoted our founding fathers. They paid homage to the Constitution in the Declaration of Independence, but they say they want to reimagine America and absolutely and fundamentally transform transform it. By the way, I could go through example after example of Democrats saying one thing and living another, whether it be Elizabeth Warren saying she hates school choice and hate private schools. Yet she sent her kids to private schools, whether it be Bernie Sanders saying that he wants to basically eradicate private property in our time, or Bernie Sanders saying that he wants to have Medicare for all, or Bernie Sanders saying that he wants to have a socialist takeover of our country.
00:17:02
While he charges money for his book while he flies around in private jets, or Barack Obama and Michelle Obama saying that diversity is our strength, yet they live in Martha's Vineyard, which is one of the least diverse places on the planet. Why don't Barack Obama and Michelle Obama live in the south of Chicago? I don't. They live in Hyde Park. Why don't they go live near U.S. Cellular Field? Are they afraid of all the crime that's happening?
00:17:28
Instead, they live in the lowliest white part of the entire country. The left is very quick to tell you to live under their mandates, but they do not want to live under those mandates themselves. And we call that hypocrisy. But it's even worse than that. It's contempt. It is hypocrisy, but it's worse, they actually hate you, they think so little of you, they mock you with their actions. They do not respect you, the voters, they don't respect us, the sovereign, the people.
00:17:58
They are so willing to defy their own publicly stated positions that they know they will never be voted out of office no matter what they do. The same to be said for the activist media that goes around trying to enforce everyone to wear masks. Why they themselves, including head of the White House Correspondents Association, was not wearing a mask at the event that I was at this last Thursday. On the White House lawn with the president accepted the Republican nomination.
00:18:30
The Democrats will always advocate for policies and positions that they themselves do not want to live under a conservative, as you can see my shirt here, which will be for sale very soon. You guys can check out TPE, USA dot com slash store, CPUSA dot com slash store to check out these amazing shirts and swag that we have at Turning Point USA. But will this one's not yet for sale. So this is an exclusive viewing of the new merch that we have at Turning Point USA.
00:18:59
But we as conservatives will never advocate for a singular position that we ourselves will not live under ever. You will not find one position that I advocate for that I am not comfortable embracing and living out every single day. For example, I never want to take your guns away. I'm happy living with firearms and I think you should be happy living with firearms. I want to one day send my children to a good school, maybe outside of a public school district or maybe homeschool my kids.
00:19:29
I think you should be able to do the same. I'm perfectly OK with you living in a gated community, if you can afford it and you think that's the best decision for your family. And I might make that decision, and I also think that we should have border security, so I like walls in the macro and in the micro. There's not one position that conservatives have articulate that they themselves do not live out. And if they do, then actually we as conservatives hold ourselves to high enough standards to run those people out of office.
00:19:59
I want you to imagine for a second if the minority leader, Kevin McCarthy, was found. To be getting some form of a haircut without a mask on national disgrace, I want you to imagine if President Donald Trump had a edict or an order saying you can't eat inside and President Trump was found eating inside of a restaurant that he closed down. I want you to imagine. If Governor Ronda Santos of Florida said that every single person needs to wear a mask outside at all times in Tampa, Orlando, Jacksonville, and was walking the streets of those cities without a mask on, how would the media react?
00:20:37
Because the activist media is an extension of the gaslighting Democrat Party. We're going to get into that even deeper, the six attribute of the gaslighting tactics that we are seeing in the media and of the Democrats is they throw in positive reinforcement to confuse you, this person or entity that is cutting you down, telling you that you don't have value. This from Psychology Today is now praising you for something that you did. This adds an additional sense of uneasiness.
00:21:06
You think, well, maybe they aren't so bad, but yes, they are. This is political manipulation at its finest, Republicans follow this all the time, at least before Trump came to town. Look what you were praised for. It is something that served the gas lighter. This is exactly why when Senator Mike Braun said he supported the BLM Inc. movement that wants to destroy the Western proscribed nuclear family, abolish prisons and abolish the police, I went after Senator Mike Braun harder than almost anyone else in the conservative community, probably second only to Tucker Carlson, because we do not tolerate Republicans pandering to the gas Slider's.
00:21:46
That Republican Party is over. Republicans always seek the approval of the gaslighting left, we want to be let in, we want to be into the party, we want to get invited to the cocktail party. We want to go to CNN, we want to have our kids go to the elite universities. That has ended thanks to President Trump, we are wise to you. I never want to be part of that social circle. I never want to get a positive reinforcement from the left.
00:22:13
You don't like me. And if that's the case, then the battle lines are drawn and I'm not going to try to win favor from you. Attribute number seven, the gaslighting left is they know confusion weakens people, this is very important. They know that when people cannot get their aim right, they know they know one, people cannot get clarity in their future destination. That confusion is a gateway to tyranny. They know that chaos leads to destruction.
00:22:42
Humans, natural tendency, this is from Psychology Today, is to look to the person or entity that will help you feel more stable. And that's what happens, and that happens to be the gas lighter. I call this electoral extortion. What is happening right now in this country when Joe Biden comes and says, do you really think that the violence is going to get better if President Trump gets re-elected? This is a hostage situation, America. Joe Biden in his campaign when he says that they are holding us hostage by saying, if you re-elect Donald Trump, we are going to throw my base and my supporters into the streets.
00:23:24
And what you've seen in Kenosha and Portland and Seattle is just the very beginning. Many people may or may not vote for Donald Trump, they actually might not if they think that the arson is going to continue. That is not a reason not to support Donald Trump, even though I believe that the riots soon after the President Trump wins re-election, which is looking more and more likely thanks to the gas Slider's. And we're going to tell you exactly why and how.
00:23:51
Even though I think the violence will continue because they have said it will continue and they are threatening more violence. That is not a reason not to support President Trump, do not be extorted. This is blackmail. This is no different than the first die hard movie where they are holding people hostage and they're asking for demands in return. This is no different than the movie Inside Man. We're a group of bank robbers are holding people hostage and asking for something in return.
00:24:21
In some ways, they hope that we will achieve some form of Stockholm syndrome where we don't fall in love with the people that are holding us hostage. Because the gas lighting has been so blatant. And so brazen. In the last couple weeks and months. The gaslighting tactic has now proven to be very dangerous, one for the Democrats. We'll get to that even deeper.
00:24:49
America is ready to get back to work, but to win in the new economy, you need to take every advantage to succeed. Smart companies run a NetSuite by Oracle, the world's number one cloud business system. With NetSuite, you'll have the visibility and control over financials, our inventory, e-commerce and more everything you need all in one place. Whether you're doing a million or hundreds of millions in sales, NetSuite lets you manage every penny with precision. You have the ability to compete with anyone, work from anywhere and run your whole company right from your phone.
00:25:14
Join over 20000 companies who trust NetSuite to make it happen. NetSuite surveyed hundreds of business leaders and assemble the playbook of the top strategies they're using as America reopens for business. Receive a free guide. Today's seven actions need that you need to take now and share your free product to NetSuite, Dotcom, Kirch, get your free guide and schedule your free product tour right now at NetSuite, Dotcom, Kirch, NetSuite, Dotcom, Kurk.
00:25:37
Attribute number eight of the gas slider's. They project they are a drug user or a cheater, yet they are constantly accusing you of that is according to Psychology Today. This might be the favorite tactic of the left. They say conservatives are racists when they themselves endorse the most racist organization in the mainstream of our country. Let me be very clear when I say this. The most racist organization in the mainstream of our country is BLM Inc., the most racist organization that is receiving corporate funding.
00:26:10
BLM Inc. The left are the true racists. The Democrat Party is the party of slavery, KKK, Jim Crow of opposing the 13th, 14th and 15th Amendment, opposing the Civil Rights Act, opposing Martin Luther King Jr.. The left wants black only dormitories today and they want a black only schools. In the 1960s, the left wanted black only schools in the 1920s and the left went to black only schools in the 80s. They want black only learning environments.
00:26:42
It feels like something a KKK member would advocate for in the 90s. The left has always cared about skin color. The right has always cared about character. We as conservatives were founded as the Anti Slavery Party. We should be proud of that. That's why wear the shirt conservative, because that's who we are. We care about conserving the natural rights that God gave to us. As a gift, not that government gave us those rights. The left calls us the racists when they themselves are the most racist people in America, the most racist individuals in America.
00:27:19
Our governor, Kate Brown, Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Joe Biden, Senator Harris, because they judge people based on the color of their skin. We judge people on worldview and character values and decisions. The left says we have no respect for the rule of law when they are the ones that are actually trying to overthrow Western civilization. And our most fundamental element, which is that justice is blind. If you have a picture of lady justice, you see that she's wearing a blindfold.
00:27:47
The idea of blind justice is it doesn't matter about your socioeconomic level. Does it matter about the color of your skin or your religion? You will get a fair trial, a fair hearing with a jury of your peers. This is a Christian idea that if you are innocent, you should be exonerated by a jury of your peers. If you are wrongly accused, you should have an opportunity to defend yourself. The left prefers critical race theory, which is to change the entire society in favor.
00:28:18
Of BLM Inc., which they prefer critical race theory, which is a very, very dangerous way to try to destroy all of Western society, to give an advantage to what they believe is a disadvantaged portion of American society. This is what they teach in all of our universities is what many young people across the country are learning, and this is why they want the lawless to run free while the left continues to do whatever they want to do across the country.
00:28:53
Email us your questions, by the way, I'm going to be taking some of your questions live here on this live stream, freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell, you can email us directly and for the questions that I select, you guys get a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine. And for 15 random emails that email us a question right now, if you can prove your subscribe to our show, we'll send you some of the new turning point.
00:29:15
USA Mirch, 15 random emails attribute number nine of gas, which is what's happening right now in our country. Number nine, as they try to align people against you. Sound familiar from Psychology Today? Gas lighters find people they know. We'll stand by them no matter what. And they use these people against you. This is what Democrats are doing with the black community. They spread fear, disinformation and propaganda to keep the black community under their control, they hyphenate us, African-American, Asian-American, they divide us to control us.
00:29:53
We as conservatives and the great Dennis Prager articulates this phenomenally well. Believe in the American Triniti, e pluribus unum, in God we trust and liberty. E Pluribus Unum is on the presidential seal. When President Donald Trump was giving that phenomenal press conference today in Kenosha, Wisconsin, E Pluribus Unum was on that seal front facing to the world, which means it's a Latin phrase out of many one. The left does not believe in that. The gaslighting left absolutely does not believe in that.
00:30:21
So they try to align people against you. They want to have black against white, rich against poor men versus women. Look at the major movements of the American arsonist's left in the last decade. Occupy Wall Street, rich versus poor. I got my start walking through Zuccotti Park in the fall of 2011 and I learned more about the left in six hours of dealing with Zuccotti Park, Occupy Wall Street Marxists than any university could have taught me about the left laxly.
00:30:49
The university, probably what it taught me a lot about the left, but I learned a lot about the left in six hours when I was still a high schooler. Walking Zuccotti Park in Manhattan, the second biggest movement that came up recently is the Metoo movement, turning men against women believe all women. But what about facts? What about women that lie? No, no, no. Just believe all women, tribalism, having men be more skeptical of women and having women hating men.
00:31:14
The modern day feminist movement is much more about hating men than ever, empowering women. And now the most recent movement that we have seen, which is on race, the ultimate tribal identity because Occupy Wall Street. And me, too, did not have the same full fledged transformational effect that the arsonist gaslighting left was seeking, so then they decided to launch new organization BLM Inc., which of course, is a money laundering scheme designed to take white liberals money in some form of financial atonement and some sort of guilt exercise so that they can go burn down your country.
00:31:54
You know, it's really not that difficult, BLM raised hundreds of millions of dollars this summer and people are wondering who's funding the destruction of these cities. People are wondering who's funding the buses and the tickets for these people to crisscross America. It's Bank of America that gave a billion dollars. It is PepsiCo, 400 million dollars. It is YouTube that is putting one hundred million dollars to just black content creators, which is a racist thing to do. To just give people money based on the color of their skin is racist.
00:32:26
The left cares so much about race.
00:32:28
Why? Because that's all they have, because that's within their DNA, within the DNA of the left is caring about things you cannot control, its caring about immutable characteristics, its caring about collectivist action. We care about values, not skin color. We care about actions. We care about how you operate in the world where the left only cares about skin color.
00:32:55
As you guys know, paying out of your own pocket for gear that you need to do your job is pretty awful. If you're hunting for military or first responder discounts, they're hard to find. So if you're in any of those fields, listen very carefully, because there's a platform called God X.com. It's terrific. Guvs X works directly with brands to negotiate the best prices possible because you deserve the gear you need at the prices you've earned. Plus, you can trust that the gear you've ordered is 100 percent authentic, direct from the manufacturer.
00:33:22
There's a huge collection of gear and apparel from popular brands, all in one convenient location. You see, God honors your service and gives back to your communities. So if you're an American of service, a current or former member of the military firefighting front line, medical or law enforcement communities or the emergency medical joint govt acts for free. Enjoy a community that honors and gives back to patriots like you. If you've got a military of first responder background, visit guvs X.com, that's Gov X.com and sign up for free for instant access to tons of deals and a community that honors your service.
00:33:56
It's promo code kurk for fifteen dollars off first orders of fifty dollars or more. This is a terrific service for those of us that have served our country. Gov. X.com Jehova X.com use that promo code. Kaixi R.K..
00:34:12
Number 10 is they tell you or others that you are crazy, the Gaslight or knows if they question your sanity, people will not believe you when you tell them the gas slider is abusive or out of control. Look at how they attacked Trump's mental fitness, let me say that again, they tell you or others that you are crazy. They say that he lies all the time when Trump says that Russia and Ukraine are hoaxes, they want you to distrust him, even though it's totally true.
00:34:45
They want you to think that Trump is crazy, that he's insane, that he's a pathological liar, even though they are the ones that are gaslighting and lying for a living. When President Trump says that mail in voting is going to result in widespread fraud, they want to say, oh, no, you're nuts for believing that even though you can see in real time how pathological that belief is and they try to say that you're dumb, that you're deplorable.
00:35:12
For example, Joe Biden said this Does anyone believe that there'll be less violence in America if Donald Trump. Is re-elected, Joe Biden also tweeted out or a Joe Biden staffer also tweeted out the following Donald Trump keeps telling us if he was president, you'd feel safe while he is president, whether he knows it or not. Trump and Pence are running on this. You won't be safe in Joe Biden's America. But and what's the proof, the violence you're seeing in Donald Trump's America?
00:35:38
The simple truth is that Donald Trump failed to protect America. So now he's trying to scare America. This is the work of a master, gaslights, or someone who's had 47 years to exploit and gaslight Americans. We have a full list of all the mayoral positions of how long it has been since a Republican has become mayor in the city's. There's not been a Republican mayor of Atlanta since the eighteen hundreds that a Republican mayor of Chicago since nineteen thirty one, and yet they're trying to say it's Donald Trump's fault that the Democrats have created the hundreds of thousands of black and Hispanic death in our cities.
00:36:14
Last time there was a Republican mayor of Atlanta, 1879, Chicago, 1931. Baltimore 1967. Detroit 1962. New Orleans in 1872. Pittsburgh nineteen thirty four. Seattle nineteen forty six. Philadelphia, nineteen fifty two.
00:36:27
Yet somehow it's Donald Trump's fault. He's only been there for three years when it's nothing but Democrats and antifa and left wingers burning down America at number eleven of a gas slider's. They tell you everyone else is a liar by telling you that everyone else, your family in the media is a liar, it again makes you question your reality. If you think that a spike in crime is bad, Left says, well, yeah, can you believe that conservatives are behind all that racism and BLM is peacefully protesting?
00:36:53
I want to get this Ted Wheeler clip going, who is the mayor of Portland? I think he's being held hostage by the radical left in his city. Listen to what he has to say. President Trump, for four years, we've had to live with you and your racist attacks on black people. Do you seriously wonder, Mr. President, why this is the first time in decades that America has seen this level of violence? What America needs is for you to be stopped so that we can come back together as one America.
00:37:29
So I'm going to do the work that I need to do here in my local community with my local officials to take accountability for what's happening on our streets. And I'd appreciate that either the president supports or you stay the hell out of the way.
00:37:43
So as you saw there and heard there, clearly he says we need to get rid of Trump so we can come back together as a community. Where he is blaming President Trump on the perpetual violence that's happening in Portland. Let me get this straight. President Trump wins an election, offers federal help, and your left wing base decides to burn down your city. And it's the president's fault. Only the left could believe something so gaslighting, Lee, untrue.
00:38:10
So here's how it all comes together, where this actually is now benefiting President Trump. So for the entire summer. We were told by the media that these were all peaceful protests for the summer. We're actually trying to call out the riot and the arson and the looting. We sent a film crew into Chazz in Seattle. We were told that this was mostly peaceful protesting. This is all until Don Lemon came out last Thursday and said this is showing up in the polling.
00:38:42
We actually don't care about the country burning. We just care about this might actually prevent us from getting power. You don't understand. This is a real thing. We have to get in front of this. And as soon as that happened. The Democrats pivoted, but it's it's a lot deeper than that. And we have we have a clip of a CNN journalist saying it's a mostly peaceful protest as the entire city is burning behind him. This is a great example of the gaslighting that happened before the Democrats realized the polling deficit happening in front of them play tape.
00:39:14
What you're seeing behind me is one of multiple locations that have been burning in Kenosha, Wisconsin, over the course of the night, a second night since Jacob Blake was seen shot in the back seven times by a police officer. And what you are seeing now, these images came and come in stark contrast to what we saw over the course of the daytime hours in Kenosha and into the early evening, which were largely peaceful demonstrations in the face of law enforcement.
00:39:42
It wasn't until nightfall that things began to get a little bit more contentious. Things were thrown back and forth. Police started using some of those crowd dispersal tactics like tear gas, even playing really loud sounds to push them out. And then what you were seeing, the common theme that ties all of this together is an expression of anger and frustration over what people feel like has become an all too familiar story playing out in places from across the country, not just here in Kenosha, Wisconsin Christine.
00:40:12
Or so hard that listening this journalist to I don't know his name seems like a nice enough guy. He's wearing military gear. OK, that guy could have been in the Kandahar Valley in Afghanistan. And as he's wearing military gear, the Kairouan on CNN says fiery but mostly peaceful protests after police shooting. So this gaslighting, what ended up happening is all these attributes that we talked about, they tell you everyone else is a liar. The riots aren't happening.
00:40:38
They tell you or others are crazy. There's no riots. No one cares about them. They try to align people against you. All these sorts of tactics of the left, they project, even though they're the ones doing the rioting.
00:40:48
As soon as Don Lemon and the merchants of Chaos at CNN recognized and realized. That the people of America. We're not buying the gas lighting, so here's what ended up happening, is that the media and that clip embodies it perfectly. Instead of gas sliding slowly and going down one little interval every evening as what happened in the play Gaslight, the media turned the lights off altogether. And then basically us being in an abusive relationship with the media and the Democrat Party, we said, why is it also dark?
00:41:23
All of a sudden they said, it's not dark, you're crazy. No, I actually just saw you turn off the lights. So they did gas lighting with very little patience. And they also did it while their entire cities are burning around the citizens they claim to represent. And so as soon as it actually started to materially show up to interrupt and. Prevent or threaten their political future. They now start to gaslight again, so now they are gaslighting to try to fix an issue that gaslighting created.
00:41:56
You see, if the Democrats and the media would not have gas lit in early July, I can make the argument that President Donald Trump would be in a very significant polling deficit right now.
00:42:07
You see, the gas lighters gave President Donald Trump an opening because of the Democrats commitment to tell lies, because of the Democrats commitment to mislead you and to try to say it's mostly peaceful protesters because remember, the Democrats will pander to the most extreme voices of their base no matter what, because they're in an unhealthy, abusive relationship with the Bolsheviks in their party.
00:42:29
Therefore, the media was being held hostage by this entire coalition of activists and journalists, I put in quotes journalists that were saying, no, it's just mostly peaceful, mostly peaceful, mostly peaceful. And because of that decent, reasonable people that had their businesses burnt down, that had their friends restaurants completely looted, or the watch repair shops in downtown Chicago like Wabash watch repair Mohammad Ashik in this country, 42 years paid his taxes. BLM Inc. comes and steals all of his stuff.
00:43:00
You combine all that together. And then the people have real dissension for the party that is gaslighting them, they have real anger and they immediately retreat to the propolis party instantaneously. So now the Democrats are trying to correct what they realize. They're regretting something Joe Biden, Senator Harris and the Democrats are regretting they would they did not denounce the violence earlier. It's such an easy thing to do. It's not really worthy of a medal.
00:43:32
Joe Biden comes out and says violence is bad and then just gets back on his jet after 12 minutes and takes no questions. The media says, what a wonderful speech by Joe Biden. This is so courageous. He literally just came off his plane for 12 minutes and said violence is bad and then went on his job again. And so what ends up happening now is the people that are a lot smarter than you might think that we did elect Donald Trump, by the way, back in 2016, a lot smarter than you might think.
00:44:00
Woke up to the pathological propaganda campaign being put forth by the bitter, most radical elements of our society, and the polling started to reflect it since the polling started to reflect it. The Democrats pivoted and now they're trying to guess that again, it's another gaslighting again, by doing what I mentioned earlier where they said, does anyone believe that there'll be less violence in America if Donald Trump is re-elected, holding us hostage? This is a hostage situation that we're in with the Democrat Party.
00:44:26
And so then Joe Biden and this is a better argument for the Democrats.
00:44:30
This is an argument the Democrats should have had in early August, because it sounds good, even though it isn't good.
00:44:35
I'm not saying there's truth to it. I think that it's superficially more difficult for those of us that support President Trump in law and order to debate against. And I'm just being a fair observer here. If the Democrats would have done this throughout July and August, they very well might have put President Trump in an impossible polling deficit to overcome. But because the Democrats were engaged in deceitful, arrogant tactics of gaslighting, of acting as if none of this rioting is happening, they opened a pathway for re-election or President Trump that he ran through for the entire convention.
00:45:10
Talked about what happened in Kenosha, talked about what happened in Minneapolis, Seattle and Portland, all the Democrats had to do in their convention was say that the riots are happening in Donald Trump's America and it would have made it a much more confusing issue. I don't think that's a good argument factually. I'm going to tell you why it's a bad argument if you dive into actually why the riots are happening, but at least it's addressing that the riots are happening.
00:45:36
And that's what the Democrats refused to do for two months, they basically made they gave us a gift as Trump supporters, where, mind you, it's a difficult political environment for those of us to run in. I mean, I'm not going to be very fair and just tell it how it is. It's hard to run for re-election when you have a once in a century pandemic, which very well might have been an attack by the Chinese Communist Party.
00:45:58
You shut down your economy and your very you have less than desirable employment numbers. This is a hard environment for someone to run re-election. But all of a sudden you're almost in a statistical tie. And the latest real clear politics voting average has President Trump down just two point three points in all the battleground states as I'm sorry, two point six points in the battleground states of moving average, which we know that there's more enthusiasm for Trump that very well would favor President Trump.
00:46:22
Also, it shows here that the betting odds have President Donald Trump at 49 percent of winning and Joe Biden at fifty point two percent.
00:46:32
It is it's a statistical tie in the betting odds market right now. And this is all because the Democrats were so convinced and they were arrogant. And did the Democrats not learn anything from 2016? If they would have had the humility to actually recognize what was happening in the very country that they were trying to govern, they could have delivered Donald Trump a political death blow. And I'm saying this is a friend of the president and as a Donald Trump supporter.
00:47:00
But because of how ridiculously foolish they were in late July and early August, they completely changed this race. I flipped through MSNBC, CNN, Fox News today, all three channels were covering violence of the riots in some form or fashion. Bill Stepien, who's doing a great job as campaign manager for the Trump campaign, came out and said it perfectly today.
00:47:19
He said, you want to be talk about issues you want to be talking about. Do you think Joe Biden really wants a referendum on riots right now? Of course not.
00:47:25
But Joe Biden could have put this issue to bed very quickly, where now you have people like Vicki Ostrer while coming out with books. That's called The Case for Looting. We covered that extensively in our episode yesterday, The Charlie Kirk Show. I encourage you to check it out. So now Joe Biden is trying to gaslight further. Sounds good to say this again. This is this is a better messaging campaign for him. It is. And it's harder for those of us that are Trump supporters to talk about it, because it's it's just it's like drive by bumper sticker type stuff.
00:47:55
But it's so easily defeated with, like, one sentence of facts or cross-examination.
00:47:59
But he says this and I repeat it. Does anyone believe there'll be less violence in America if Donald Trump is re-elected? OK, so basically he's holding us hostage. But then he says Donald Trump's keep telling us if he was president, you'd feel safe while he is president, whether he knows it or not. Well, first of all, President Donald Trump has offered National Guard support to everything in one of the cities that is burning. And this is why President Donald Trump was brilliant in his visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, today.
00:48:19
This is why President Donald Trump was brilliant, because he treated it like a victory lap, not as a complaining tour. He said, I brought in the National Guard. We brought down the riots. We were restored. Law and order. Look at this one hundred nine year old photo shop that was burned down to the ground because of Joe Biden supporters. That is a winning message. Voters will appreciate and reward it, whereas Joe Biden very well is trying to confuse the American population.
00:48:42
He could have done this when he was leading by 12 points in the polls. Now that Joe Biden is gaslighting, he has lost so much respect and his party has lost respect on this issue. They're trying to make up ground in time that they know their internal internal polling is blowing up in front of them because the Democrats are so supportive of the arson of America because that is their base and they were afraid to offend it. And, oh, it's BLM Inc.
00:49:05
They had this massive chasm where decent, reasonable people. And by the way, let's get the recent polling in the black community. President Donald Trump had one of the greatest bounces of support for a Republican president ever when it came to the black community whites because the Democrat people realize you just turned off the lights on us. You've been trying to gaslight us. You lied to us. You deceived us. You bitter, arrogant, power hungry maniacs. I don't trust you.
00:49:27
Who's a police party? OK, I didn't like that guy before Trump, but I love him now. Protect me. That's what happened in the month of August with an awful convention for the Democrats and a phenomenal convention for Trump. We went from a race that seemed unwinnable for Donald Trump to a race that looks like the betting odds are about to go and President Trump's favor in real time. And if President Donald Trump continues to dominate daytime television like he did in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and he did last night on cable primetime television with Laura Ingraham and Joe Biden, this is a little drive by 12 minute deal.
00:50:00
Meanwhile, their vice president Pence with Bret Bair. That's a hard campaign to run up against. It's hard where Donald Trump is in battleground state Wisconsin. But Mike Pence is in battleground state Pennsylvania. And every day right now that we are talking about the riots and arson and terrorism is a day that favors Donald Trump. That is an issue that Donald Trump wins on. The Democrats are now known as the party of insurrection and police abolition. That's what they're known as as long as President Trump is the party of normalcy, stability, people actually kind of want their lives back right now.
00:50:36
And President Donald Trump can make the argument that it's because of the Joe Biden voters. These are the Biden riots, that this is all happening. I want to take your questions. If I select your question, you guys get a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magna Doctrine, Freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Kirkham. And if you guys can show that you're subscribed to the Charlie Kirk show type and Charlie Kirk show right now, do your podcast provide or better yet, if you're watching on Facebook, click that link right now.
00:51:05
Hit subscribe, give us a five star review screenshot it will give away 10 signed copies of the New York Times bestseller The Magna Doctrine. Here's a question and congratulations, Laura. You know, when a signed copy of The New York Times best seller Magga Doctrine, because you e-mailed your question of freedom to Charlie. Hi, Charlie Kirk. Hello. How does one break free of the gas lighter in a relationship and using that method, what would it look like for America to break free from the gas lighters and Democrat Party and the activist media?
00:51:30
Thank you. God bless. That is a great question that it's probably better suited for a psychologist. But since we went through Psychology Today and we went through all the steps that lead to gaslighting in our country and in relationships, I'm gonna talk more about the country. I'm not going to talk so much about the relational side of it. But I could tell you at least four people that I have dealt with that are gas lighters, you confront them directly, you get your words right.
00:51:53
You look at them in the eyes and you communicate clearly about how they're manipulating you, but how they're deceiving you and you get the facts straight, bullies and people that lie do not like to be confronted. That's why the Democrat Party in the activist media hates Donald Trump so much because he actually confronts them for the first time. He actually looks at them clearly and honestly and says, you guys have been deceiving tens of millions of people professionally for the last couple of decades.
00:52:18
Jamie says, Hey, Charlie, big fan. Thank you. Do you think that the president should stay away from the Kenosha Kyle Rittenhouse issue? I'm afraid the left will use this as another way to attack the Second Amendment as well. It's a very complicated issue. I think when the president is asked about it, he should not betray Kyle Rittenhouse. I don't. I did a whole podcast on it, I said that two things, Kyle Rittenhouse probably should not have been prowling the streets with an AR 15 at night.
00:52:42
Not a good decision, but the police should have been able to do their job in the National Guard. That brought them in earlier. Kyle Rittenhouse has been indicted also for illegally possessing a firearm under the age of 18. OK, he might be guilty of that. I don't know. We'll see what ends up happening. However, this this garbage of first degree murder, it's self defense. It's that simple. He's being chased down on the streets and hunted by other vigilantes.
00:53:05
He was not a vigilante. If Kyle Rittenhouse was doing the hunting, then fine, that's completely different. But I actually think that people can see in that one instant instance what happens. When lawlessness allows to reign on the streets, Kyle Rittenhouse, I'm not going to say he did nothing wrong, I think that's a wrong way to put it. But he did not commit first degree murder and he should not go to jail for the rest of his life.
00:53:30
He should get a misdemeanor felony for illegally owning a firearm under the age of 18, which, by the way, basically every single gangbanger in Chicago owns a firearm illegally under the age of 18. OK, so that's not exactly a new found criminal violation. And then he also I think there was an unlawful discharge of a weapon, I don't think he should be charged for that. I think he should be charged for misdemeanor felony if that which, by the way, would just be community service, slap on the wrist and maybe a month in prison.
00:53:57
Not an indictment for first degree murder. First degree murder. It means premeditation clause means and how you pull it up. None of those things apply there. His attorney, attorneys doing the right thing by defending this young man. And so while I don't agree, when people say, oh, Kyle hit Rittenhouse did nothing wrong. Look, again, I'm not I can't say that maybe he owned the firearm incorrectly and all that. And I'm not a huge fan.
00:54:21
If you're 17 or 18 going and taking their 15 or walk in the streets at night. But he should not go to jail for the rest of his life. In fact, I don't even think I support him going to jail at all, considering the misapplication of justice in this country, for defending himself, for being hunted down on the streets. He is the victim. He was being hunted down on the streets and whacked across the face. And the person who did that, according to a friend of his in the hospital, said, I wish I would have killed him.
00:54:46
It is unbelievably gaslighting, Lee, true. To see how the media has treated this young man, they call him a white supremacist, a white nationalist and by the way, Kyle Rittenhouse has just hired Nicholas Sandman's lawyers. So if I was in the activist media, I'd be very careful attacking Kyle Rittenhouse might be the end of your entire media operation as we know it. Because Nick Sandeman, I don't think is even done suing media organizations, we are taking questions here and freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom.
00:55:22
Here's one question right here from Carl from Pennsylvania. Hey, Charlie, I'm really worried about the growing race war in our country. Do you have any thoughts on this? Thanks so much. Love the show. Well, congratulations. You win a signed copy, the Magna Doctrine. There's actually a story I wanted to get to that I didn't have time to. I want to be very clear. Any sort of encouraging of a race war is evil.
00:55:41
I want to deescalate racial tensions in our country right now. I think it is evil what is happening in our country. I want to play this tape and then I get to tell you about a story play tape right here of a white person being assaulted in the street and people laughing about it when it happened, clocked across the head play tape. Hunted down. And boom, and then the person who filmed the video laughing and chuckling as he does it with a brick, I think there's a brick in his hand, right, walking with a brick in his hand or some sort of blunt force object that gave him the ability to do that.
00:56:15
If you haven't seen the video, it's absolutely horrific. And this type of random black on white attack is seemingly becoming more common. The Daily Wire just reported this from August 31st. Quote, A 51 year old white male was the victim of an unprovoked stabbing at AutoZone on August 25th. The victim was in critical condition following the attack, but is now expected to recover. The suspect in the case, 19 year old Javon Hatchet, a black male told police he targeted the suspect, a store employee, because of his white skin.
00:56:42
Another example, three days before the last one, 30 year old Steve Sinclair, according to an arrest affidavit out of Aurora, Colorado, quote, used a knife to stab 29 year old Michael Connor, who was transported to the hospital for his injuries and a collapsed lung. Local news reported that Conner, the victim, told police that his attacker, a black man, shouted Black Lives Matter prior to stabbing him. The Daily Wire reported, quote, Sinclair continued saying Black lives matter to police when they arrived.
00:57:09
According to the first officer on the steam scene, the officer wrote that Sinclair had his hands up and said, I stabbed him. I'm a psychopath. I refuse to sit down and insisted that officers should shoot him. Could you imagine if white people were hunting black people down on the streets like this? We would hear that front page network news. And this is not to blame that you can't blame Donald Trump for this at all, Donald Trump is trying to heal America and bring America together from this.
00:57:34
It is the left that wants a race war in this country bitterly, totally and categorically. If you guys want to win a signed copy, the Magna Doctrine, all you have to do for those you watching on Facebook, just click that podcast link, show us your subscribe by screenshot it and reverting it back at Freedom at Charlie Dotcom. And we will send you a signed copy of the New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine.
00:57:56
If you guys want to get involved, a turning point, you are saying get amazing shirts like this and fight for freedom on college campuses. Go to TP, USA, Dotcom, CPUSA, Dotcom, and please consider supporting our program at Charlie Kurk Dotcom support. We'll be back with you live tomorrow. Thank you guys so much for listening. God bless.









PODCAST6)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on our podcast podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts. Hey, everybody.
00:00:09
Today on The Charlie Cook Show, we are joined by the speaker of the House, the former speaker of the House, Newt Gingrich, one of the smartest, wisest people in the country and in the conservative movement. Newt Gingrich joins us to talk about Trump, America and so much more. Please consider supporting our program at Charlie Cook Dotcom Slash Support Charlie Kakamega report. You guys want to get behind the work that we are doing here on the Charlie Cook Show to podcast every weekday one every week on Charlie Cook Dotcom slash support Newt Gingrich's year.
00:00:37
Everybody buckle up. Here we go.
00:00:40
But we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Cook's run in the White House. I want to thank Charlie. He's an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this guy. He's done an amazing job. We are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country. Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of The Charlie Kirk Show. I am so thrilled and thankful to be joined by someone that I have learned so much from throughout the years. Speaker Newt Gingrich and Mr.
00:01:08
Gingrich, thank you so much for joining the Charlie Kirk show. You have a new book called Trump and the American Future Solving the Great Problems of Our Time. Please tell us why you wrote this book. And also, I think it's pretty timely considering the upcoming election.
00:01:22
Well. You know, it occurred to me late last year that the way the Democrats were moving to the left, this would be the biggest choice since Lincoln in eighteen sixty four ran for reelection against somebody who was willing to surrender to the south. Break up the union and preserve slavery. And when I look at where Trump is trying to take the country in terms of jobs and free enterprise and conservative conservative judges, the strong pro-American trade and defense policy and I look at where a Biden, Harris, Pelosi, Schumer team would take the country.
00:02:03
I say it's the biggest gap we've seen certainly in the last hundred and sixty years. So I wanted to write a book that sort of armed our side and said, here are the facts. Here's the context. Here's what you can say to people who aren't sure. And I think Trump in the American future really lays out the big issues, some of them, frankly, a little scary. I mean, we finished the book in March and we have a section in there on the Democrats willingness to support crime and oppose the police.
00:02:34
And that chapter now is coming alive every evening. So I look at stuff like that and I think we sort of caught the big underlying river that's coming down our way in terms of left wing ism and the world they would create if they could.
00:02:51
So in the 1990s, you balanced the budget and worked with Bill Clinton and the Democrats to accomplish serious reforms that helped our country. It seems as if today it's no longer that we can cooperate with Democrats. We have no choice but to defeat them and to basically repudiate their awful ideas. Can you give us some idea of what happened since the 1990s to now with the Democrat Party?
00:03:15
I think Ronald Reagan in the 80s created a national consensus and people have forgotten. But Bill Clinton helped organize a centrist group of Democrats and really ran as a centrist Democrat, much as Tony Blair would do with the Labour Party in Great Britain. So basically, one of the key themes of the Clinton campaign was ending welfare as we know it now. It was worded cleverly. So if you're a liberal, you thought that meant more money, you're a conservative less.
00:03:45
But nonetheless, it was indicating people were tired of things in the 90s period, for example, where out of sheer desperation with crime, New Yorkers turned to Rudy Giuliani. And in the most successful reform of crime and I know of in history, within two years, he began to bring the murder rate down dramatically. So I think what happened was we existed at a moment when for about half the Democratic Party, that's when we did welfare reform. We split the Democratic Party.
00:04:17
One, two, one, two, one, two, one in the House, literally half for about half the Democratic Party, plus the Democratic president. It was a common ground that have been created by Reagan that they could negotiate with us, some for the other half of the Democratic Party who came to hate Clinton because they saw him as a total. So they were rabidly opposed to us deeply, bitterly. But they weren't the president and they they weren't big enough to stop us.
00:04:47
I think what happened was the Gore Bush election of 2000 left a lot of liberals thinking that Gore had really won a plurality of the vote, but did not win the Electoral College almost like 20, 16. And then Bush ran a very brass knuckles campaign against Kerry in 2004. And that left a bad taste among Democrats. And they nominated somebody who on the surface was very reasonable. And this was where I think all of us just frankly made a big mistake.
00:05:24
Barack Obama was a neighborhood organizer, which we joked about. But in fact, in the language of the left, the neighborhood organizer is the radical who is organizing much like antifa or Black Lives Matter. I mean, it's really part of a Marxist construct. And the only person in 2008 who really understood this was Sean Hannity, because he'd read all the books. He knew where Obama was coming from. So what has happened is Obama carried the Democrats further and further to the left.
00:05:54
And then on election night 2016, which I know you remember vividly at eight o'clock in the evening, the Democrats were icing the champagne. They were going to break the glass ceiling. You're going to elect a woman president. And two hours later, they suddenly realized that Donald Trump was going to be president. Those two hours with the equivalent of an IED in Iraq, the left suddenly had the equivalent of. PTSD, and every morning when they would get away, Trump would tweet to remind them that he had one and it just drove them crazy.
00:06:30
So you're now dealing with basically a crazy people watch Pelosi. Broekman Schumer is not exactly crazy. He's too laid back and he's a New York machine politician. But Pelosi really represents San Francisco, just as Kamala Harris really represents San Francisco. And if you watch Pelosi, at times she's just loony tunes and she still represents a different planet. I just I don't know if you did this. I watched Mayor Wheeler or Portland the other night, and I just wrote a newsletter again, which was sexually entitled The Democrats are the Lion King Party.
00:07:08
Because if you watch them, whether it's in foreign policy or it's at home, they don't believe predators exist. They think lions and zebras and warthogs are supposed to get along together and sing together and dance together. And if you watch Wheeler after ninety four consecutive days of violence, having had a Trump supporter killed in cold blood. And the strongest he can do is pathetically appeal to people, please don't be violent. And I watched and I thought this is sort of the end of the left as the defender of Western civilization.
00:07:44
So, Mr. Speaker, in 2012, when you were running for the presidency, I was a senior in high school and I was watching C-SPAN and you said something repeatedly said Barack Obama is an Alinsky ite and you said it. And you might remember it made a lot of news because it really bothered the mainstream media because you were unafraid to call him out for what he was. I never heard the term before, but then I looked up Saul Alinsky and I ended up reading Rules for Radicals.
00:08:11
You were one of the few people that introduced this idea of Alinsky tactics into the mainstream of conservative thinking. I think that's been a really significant contribution, because when I visit Tea Party groups or Republican groups, almost everyone has an understanding of Saul Alinsky.
00:08:28
My question, though, is, do you think that because of how individuals like Mayor Wheeler and Nancy Pelosi, they're no longer hiding their radicalism, do you think that Alinsky tactics are now being put by the wayside because the Saul Alinsky way of approaching things would not being say he would never say get rid of Mt. Rushmore. He'd never say get rid of the American flag. He would say disguise yourself as something as who you're not slick back your hair, take over the institutions and then you can do those things.
00:08:57
Do you think that there's some tension right now between the radicalism that's revealing itself in the prior Alinsky tactics that was more of a camouflage for communism? Well, first of all, I do want to go back and repeat, I got it from Sean Hannity, who was the first person, and when he first said I thought it was nuts and he kept going on and on about the relationship that that Obama had with Bill Ayers, who had been a weatherman who had set bombs and tried to kill people who actually on 9/11 was quoted as saying his only regret was he hadn't set more bombs.
00:09:34
So Sean really has got the rhythm of this thing, and I went about exploring it some more, and I have known about Wolinsky for many years and by the way. Hillary Clinton senior paper was on Wolinsky, and she was a very close personal friend of Alinsky, so it's easy to forget how deep the radicalism of the Chicago left was. I think two things have happened. I think among the senior Democrats, there's a kind of desperation that four more years of Trump will come very close to ending their world in four more years.
00:10:12
He's already got almost three hundred federal judges. So four more years of judges, four more years of tax cuts, four more years of a pro-American trade and defense policy. Trump in the second term will be much more aggressively pro-American in terms of history and cleaning up the universities. And I think they sense all of this. So there's also the the older level, they're desperate. I think at the younger level they have between. What's happened to them is, you know, you're a twenty to thirty five year old radical.
00:10:43
You can run all over Seattle. And the mayor says it's going to be a summer of love. You run all over Portland and the mayor begged you to be nice while you're running over people, destroying the places you'd shock. Just three days ago, the police in Kenosha picked up three vehicles from Seattle that had driven to Kenosha. They were actually at a gas station filling up containers of gasoline so they could go out at night and start fires all over the city.
00:11:12
And they arrested all of their own people. And in fact, the people who been arrested so far in Kenosha, I think. Forty four different states are represented. And so what you're seeing is a younger generation of very hard line, almost like like the young Nazis or young communist in the 30s who are willfully out there trying to destroy things. These are the people who were trying to attack Senator Rand Paul. And I mean, these are people who, frankly, are stunningly dangerous physically.
00:11:45
And then there's the older crowd who really this is their last stand. And they also don't have any choice. When you couldn't go to the Democrats for life trying to have a caucus meeting at the convention, we're told now if if you want to and said, well, I'd like to have a pro police caucus at the Democratic National Convention, they just said, you're in the wrong party. Why why are you to go join the Republicans? And what you're what you're putting so well is the lack of discipline amongst some of the younger revolutionaries and some of the last stand of the Schumer Pelosi kind of wing of the party where you are correct that if Trump does win four more years, people are predicting endless violence.
00:12:28
I think that there might be some unrest immediately. But I'm of the opinion that actually might be a death blow to the left, the likes of which that we haven't seen in quite some time because they have so overextended themselves on a referendum of the president politically that another four years, I think that it will really deflate them and cause a Democrat civil war that is long overdue, which is what I want to ask you about. What do you make about these kind of coalition of Democrat groups that quite honestly have very little in common with each other, such as the corporate wing of the Democrat Party that is playing nice with a Bernie Sanders, Alexandra Kicillof, Cortez wing of the party?
00:13:01
I'm of the opinion the sooner we can get them to have them fight amongst themselves, it's actually getting much healthier for our country. One of the few reasons as to why the president, I think, has a more difficult road to re-election than he should is because of how unified the entire left has been towards defeating him, when in reality the Democrat Party is really more ideologically fractured than the Republican Party. What do you think? Do you think that's something we may make of that?
00:13:30
And first of all, I think you're right. I think it's a coalition with very, very different interests. I also think that it's essentially the anti Trump Party. I mean, this is you saw this happen with Andrew Jackson in the eighteen twenties, nineteen thirties, where he was such a disruptive and such a polarizing figure that everybody who didn't like him joined the Whigs. And the Whigs grew up actually in response to Jackson and then disappeared in the eighteen fifties.
00:14:01
So I think that what you have is a party currently being held together by Donald Trump, ironically, and I think that they will break up a lot if Trump gets re-elected, especially if as a consequence of that re-election, Kevin McCarthy becomes speaker. And we pick up a couple seats in the Senate, which I think is very likely. At that point, I think, for. Sort of the corporate types and for the more traditional politicians, reality will set in and they'll try to find some way to accommodate the president.
00:14:41
I mean, Trump coming into a second term, understanding Washington dramatically better than he did in 2016 with a cabinet already in place with a senior staff at the White House already in place, he will be very formidable. And these guys are mostly timid and cowards. I mean, the money, money, there's an old story that money is a coward and will always flee when threatened. And so I think you'll suddenly see all these corporate CEOs try to find a way to get along with Trump.
00:15:12
I think, on the other hand, a Trump victory would derange the younger radicals. If you remember the day after his inaugural, you ended up with Madonna saying that she dreams of seeing the White House blown up. Now, you know, I can't quite imagine what they'll say if they wake up the morning after the election and Trump has been re-elected, but for the hard line radicals, I suspect they'll take to the streets and they'll go down fighting.
00:15:41
This is this has been a continuation of the Occupy Wall Street has been a long cycle here. People tend to forget, and I think that they would almost be beside themselves, would resemble the samurai charges of sixty or they just they prefer dying to giving up their swords. And I think these people would go into the street and have one great last stand for left wing radicalism.
00:16:07
And so in your book, you devote a lot of a lot of chapter, a couple of chapters and a lot of space to health care. And I think this is something the Republican Party has gotten. So I don't want to say wrong. I just think that they're either contradictory or they understand the issue very well. I I'm just going to give you one personal frustration. One of the reasons why you were able to win back the house in the 90s is you ran on very specific promises to the American people of a Contract with America.
00:16:34
Why House Republicans don't do that now is beyond me. A lot of people think in terms of lists, it's just maybe you can offer some insight or some wisdom. I tell them every time I see the leadership in the Republican Party, I say, did you not learn anything in the 90s? Can you just comment on that and then segue into the health care portion of your book?
00:16:52
Yeah, and the answer, that's No. Parties are parties are large cultural institutions, and they don't change very fast. Reagan came along, showed them how to do it, and they promptly forgot I came along and showed them how to do it again, and they promptly forgot. And Trump has come along and they've split into those who bitterly resent him and those who follow them, but don't necessarily understand why they're applauding this. But that's the nature of big institutions like this takes a long time to ship them.
00:17:21
Look, I think I believe we should be for a patient centered, customer style, market oriented health system. And we ought to say it bluntly, directly, aggressively, which means one of the things I'm most passionate about is transparency. Of course, you have every right to know what your back operation is going to cost as you do to walk into Wal-Mart and know what a TV is going to cost. And if we had a system where you went all the way through Wal-Mart and not knowing any prices and you didn't learn the price of how you checked out.
00:17:56
And you couldn't, by the way, return anything, people would think it was insane, but you have a conspiracy between doctors, hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, insurance companies, medical technology companies to block the individual from knowing accurately what it's going to cost them, that what we believe that one change. Allowing you to know what your health care is going to cost probably would take 40 percent of the system. I think it's that big a deal.
00:18:29
And Cynthia Fisher is someone I've been working with on the price transparency. And I know that you know her. And it's been really interesting, though, Mr. Speaker, and I'd love to have your opinion on this. And you kind of touched on it is the forces that are fighting against this very common sense pro market reform? I'm a Milton Friedman guy, but one thing that Milton Friedman talked about is the need for a price system. If you don't know prices, a market is not truly a market.
00:18:53
Everyone's just flying blind and there's a lack of information there. What do you have to say to some of the people that are saying that some of the reforms you're proposing are anti free market? It's more government interference? I don't hold that view, but that is something that some of the strict libertarians say towards us when we're trying to put forth these transparency reforms. Well, I think they're crazy. I mean, how how how can you argue that having contracts, which guarantees secrecy?
00:19:23
Is in any way in the public interest. And they can say, well, the market would work. No, that's the whole point. This is an anti market system of oligopolies, huge hospitals, huge insurance companies, huge medical technology companies. The medical technology company signs a contract with a hospital that insists that the price is secret.
00:19:48
Now, why should I mean, that's not libertarianism, that is Adam Smith said at one point, any time a group of businessmen get together, it's a conspiracy against the consumer. I am a consumer oriented free market guy. I am not a producer oriented free market guy. I want the consumer to have the widest range of choices. And then the producers got to go out there and work hard and invent in order to earn the participation of the consumer.
00:20:20
And I think it's very important for us to understand the difference of the two, you have every right to know. And frankly, the same thing goes for surprise building where you you think everything's paid for. But, oh, they didn't tell you this is a true story. They didn't tell you the anesthesiologist wasn't part of the package. He has a six thousand dollar bill. You know, well, the president's been pretty good about this, they haven't put it together into a really easy to communicate strategy, and I would say Cynthia Fisher is one of the people who has moved the ball further than almost anybody else on this topic.
00:20:58
And I think when you ask the American people, it's like eighty eight percent of the country thinks they ought to have the right to know.
00:21:05
I totally agree with that. And so some people and I think there's a divide happening. And I think this population is very small and it's mostly focused in Washington, D.C., at very well funded think tanks that probably have financial relationships with these companies that are pushing for it, because I can't really find any sort of public interest or consumer advocacy argument to say that when someone walks into the emergency room, I've had this experience recently, there are no posted prices.
00:21:33
I travel quite a lot. So I'm out of network. And then I get some sort of a bill a couple of weeks later, as you said, that is so extreme that you almost are less likely to go into a hospital and you're less likely to even go into the health care network.
00:21:48
And you probably got a bill you couldn't read. That's correct. It was just so I needed to hire a lawyer to help me understand.
00:21:57
Right. Exactly. OK. And I think this has been part of part of the I've done a lot on health care since nineteen seventy four. When I first ran for Congress, I wrote a book called Saving Lives and Saving Money. I founded the Center for Health Transformation. And I absolutely believe I was shocked when I when I left the speakership, I decided I would focus on national security, on health, because they're both life and death and they're both very big and complex.
00:22:25
I was shocked after the first two years to realize that the biggest impediment to health reform is the health system. And that it's a whole the whole range of different things, but that who you're who you're ultimately really fighting with are the people who have a pretty good deal of the multi-million dollar hospital administrator. That's right. I mean, anybody I have Betsy McCoy on my podcast a couple of weeks ago, former lieutenant governor of New York, a brilliant woman, and she was commenting on the impact of the New York Hospital Association lobbyist on Governor Cuomo, his decision to put senior citizens in nursing homes who are already infected, which probably killed between six and twelve thousand senior citizens.
00:23:07
She said it was entirely corrupt and it was basically taking care of the hospital association, who has the highest paid lobbyist in New York. And so I would say to my libertarian friends, you know, in the real world, the fact is the game is currently rigged by the big boys against the average American in health. And the left sensors add a layer of bureaucracy. And the right answer ought to be to give you the power for you to know what you what you're going to get and what you're going to pay.
00:23:39
I totally agree with that.
00:23:41
And I think it also resonates with younger voters as well. When I talk about health care, I think it's a much better option, obviously, than socialized Medicare for all. And so here's my question, Mr. Speaker, is, as we're talking about these issues to challenge kind of the corporate interests on behalf of the consumer and being able to effectuate that change, something we run into is how much power these corporations have in being able to influence politicians and bureaucrats.
00:24:07
For example, the president signs an executive order for price transparency within a moment's notice. The hospital is suing him and putting him into the courts. Would you advocate at all in any sort of campaign finance reform or being able to have at least some sort of changes in how are politicians? Elections are funded? And I only say this because some of these very simple ideas seem to be nearly impossible to put forth legislatively because of how much the capital flow from these special interests towards the legislative process.
00:24:41
I think this is an area where the cure is continuously worse than the disease because you have to set up some kind of a rigged system, which you then have to have the government enforce, and then you have smart people who figure out how to get around the system. I've always said, for example, that the easiest election reform is to allow anyone to accept any amount of personal or corporate money under the under the Citizens United Group directly into your campaign.
00:25:12
As long as you reported that I totally saw on the Internet and that my reasoning is middle class candidates could raise the money to defeat rich people, but they can't do it if they're limited to twenty five or twenty seven hundred dollars a donation and the rich person can write a 20 million dollar or in the case of Bloomberg, two hundred million dollar check. On the other hand, Bloomberg is a great SISMI is a great case study, but money is not enough.
00:25:43
You know, if you're a big enough jerk, the country figures it out no matter how many ads you buy, it's such a good point. I ask because there's a big movement for campaign finance reform. And I think that sort of reform makes a lot of sense because it actually trusts the people to look within 24 hours. I think the issue is the dark money packs that are not disclosed that do things on behalf of a candidate with almost an unspoken quid quid pro quo.
00:26:07
I think that's where the relationship really breaks down.
00:26:11
And so, Mr. Speaker, so that I don't I don't see any reason for us to have dark money. This is why I think contribution ought to be reported online every night. I totally agree and that's transparency and it's also when it comes to freedom of speech. So your book is Trump in the American Future Solving the Great Problems of Our Time. Mr. Speaker, can you give us an analysis where you think the race stands today? There's a lot of differing opinions.
00:26:40
I think it's widely accepted based on Joe Biden now being flushed out of his shelter in place, strategy to win the White House and actually trying to do his version of campaigning at the polls are truly tightening. Don Lemon kind of signal the fire alarm last week when he said that not that they care about the rioting and the looting for people's livelihoods being destroyed, but it's showing up in the focus groups, Mr. Speaker. That's the reason to start caring about it.
00:27:04
Where does this race stand and what does Trump need to do? What are two or three things he needs to do to win? Well. I I always try to remind people that races are not Polaroid shots, they're moving pictures. By that, I mean all these any time somebody runs in with the next pope, that's a Polaroid, that's that's as of this morning under these circumstances. And in the case of Trump, it is almost certainly going to understate his support.
00:27:36
But somewhere between five and 15 points, I mean, we know that. And the people of Trafalgar who are the most accurate people in both twenty, sixteen and twenty eighteen, will tell you that they routinely assume that Trump is, at a minimum, seven points stronger than the polls and people just won't tell you. And they believe, for example, right now he is probably carrying Minnesota, carrying Wisconsin, carrying Michigan, carrying Pennsylvania, which will not show up in the traditional polls.
00:28:05
There's a great video. By may toot my own horn for a second, about two weeks before the election, I did Megan Kelly and this is this is somewhere on YouTube and. We got into how was the race gone and I said, OK, Trump wins. And she said, what do you mean? I said, well, if they win, it's going to win. He said, Well, the polls show him losing Pennsylvania. I said, yes, I said it in your world, he will lose Pennsylvania.
00:28:40
In my world, you will win Pennsylvania. She says, well, I mean, they show I'm losing Wisconsin. I said, yes, in your world. And I went through all the key swing states and I was right. Whatever you want to, just so frustrated. So it was fun to watch. And in fact, we got off on the whole thing because she brought up the sports tape about Trump. And I just stopped and I said, why are you fixated on sex?
00:29:05
And I understand your fascination with sex. I thought we were talking about the election and she got totally flustered. But anyway, my point is, I said back in January, Trump will win probably by a surprisingly big margin. They'll probably pick up two Senate seats. And there's a 50 50 chance that McCarthy will be the speaker of the House. And people said, yeah, but tell me what you really think is going to happen. Well, I think Trump is going to win by a surprisingly big margin.
00:29:34
We're going to pick up several U.S. Senate seats and McCarthy has a 50/50 chance of being speaker. That's the reason I say that, is the Democrats went out of their way to nominate the weirdest ticket since George McGovern. I mean, I just hope people close your eyes and imagine the American president negotiating with General Secretary Xi Jinping, who was a really tough dictator in China. Now, would you rather have a tough guy who's a little rough around the edges, or would you like to have a commander in chief who falls asleep halfway through the.
00:30:08
You know, I just think as people come to grips with reality, as we move away from the summer, you know, what are the news media tell you?
00:30:16
You should think. And then second, I have written on this in my newsletter, Gingrich be 16, about to do another one. And also to a podcast where I'm taking all of Kamala Harris is really stupid of sports prizes, which is a lot. And we have amazing stuff from her, including people are going to keep demonstrating and writing all the way up to election, but just get used to it, which in the context of what's now going on, sounds really bad and is really bad.
00:30:45
So I think that she is. An absolute disaster. Remember, she was at 15 percent in July and was up four when she dropped out of the race. She was actually running fourth among African-Americans, widened her eight times as many black voters as she did. Why they picked her? I assume it's for Hollywood and Silicon Valley money. But I think by the time we get to the middle of October, this this race will be a shambles and the Democrats will be in the process of collapsing.
00:31:21
There is there's a growing movement in this country to embrace. The president from northern Illinois spent a lot of time in southern Wisconsin. It has been a 30 point swing, I could tell you, in people that used to be Democrats and Trump supporters. When you start to see neighborhoods, you grow up and burned to the ground. All of a sudden you go to the Propolis Law and Order, Safety Party. The book is Trump in the American Future Solving the Great Problems of Our Time.
00:31:44
Any closing thoughts, Mr. Speaker? And thank you for joining and being so generous.
00:31:48
I would say, first of all, Charlie, I've been watching you. I've been watching your growth. I've been watching your effectiveness. You're doing an amazing job. You are clearly going to emerge as one of the great leaders of the next generation. And I am delighted that you have the courage and the energy and the drive to stay out there and all you can to help save the country. And I would just say to all of our listeners and viewers, this is all real right now.
00:32:11
For the next 60 days, you have a chance to shape American history in a way that your children and grandchildren will thank you for. And I hope everybody who's listening will take seriously this opportunity to have a positive citizenship to offset those who would destroy and tear up things.
00:32:28
I totally agree. Mr. Speaker, thank you so much for joining and trumping the American future. Talk to you soon. Thank you.
00:32:37
Thanks so much for listening. Everybody get involve a turning point. USA, take out your phone and go to CPUSA Dotcom. That's t.P USA dot com to get involved in the fight for the next generation on college and high school campuses across the country. TPE, USA, Dotcom. Email us, email us as always and freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom type in Charlie Cook showed your podcast provider hit Subscribe. Give us a five star review.
00:33:00
Screenshot and email us at Friedemann. Charlie Dotcom. If you guys want to win a signed copy of the New York Times best seller The Magga Doctrine. Thank you guys so much for listening. Please consider supporting us a Charlie Cook dotcom slash support. Thanks so much. God bless.









PODCAST7)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of The Charlie Cook Show. The Case for Looting. Is there a case for stealing other people's stuff? For taking businesses livelihood. Going to black owned businesses and stealing everything they invested in, yes, there is, in fact. Vicky Oster, while, has written a new book called The Case Faluting, which is now a platformed, respected piece of literature, the National Public Radio takes very seriously, which is now going to be the new anthem of the Democrat Party.
00:00:39
We go into that and so much more of news stories that you might have missed this week. It is a comprehensive episode. And if there's one episode that I encourage you to send your Democrat friends or your undecided friends, send them this episode. It is highly persuasive and it has a lot of facts that will resonate with reasonable people that are unsure of how to vote in this election. And of course, we know you should support President Donald Trump.
00:01:02
Please consider supporting us and our program. We're doing two podcasts a day, one every weekend at Charlie Cook Dotcom slash support, Charlie Cook dot com slash report, chip in some money, if you can, to help support our production team. The work we are doing here on the Charlie Kirk Show. Charlie Cook dot com slash iReport. Email us your questions, as always, at Freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom, the case faluting buckle up, everybody.
00:01:24
Here we go.
00:01:26
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Company, Charlie Cook's run in the White House.
00:01:35
But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created. Turning Point USA are we will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country. That's why we are here. What a week last week was.
00:02:01
Thank you guys all for your amazing support of the Charlie Kirk show. It was one of the more chaotic and important weeks that I've ever been involved in opened up the Republican National Convention on Monday, had the opportunity to see the United States close out the Republican National Convention on the White House lawn. And I want to thank all of you that have been supporting our program so generously and being behind the work that we are doing. I went from Washington, D.C. to Colorado to stops in Montana, stop in Vegas for speeches in California on Sunday.
00:02:32
And now back in the action to give you guys the news that other people are not giving you. And we go a level deeper and give you the philosophical and historical reasons why things are happening in our country. So let's start with this story that, quite honestly, the activist media doesn't want to tell you about. A black police officer died on Sunday after being shot in the head while responding to a call Saturday night in St. Louis. His name was tumorous El Bohanon.
00:03:00
St. Louis Police Department chief John Heyden indicated that eight St. Louis police officers have been shot in the line of duty since June 1st. The warm police that the left has endorsed wholeheartedly continues to turn more and more deadly as BLM Inc. becomes the base of the Democrat Party. In fact, they've already become the base of the Democrat Party. A Trump supporter was killed in Portland because of his support of President Donald Trump. By a man who claims to be, quote, 100 percent antifa on social media and his social media pages are filled with BLM Inc propaganda.
00:03:37
Now, imagine if someone who was killed in cold blood that was an outward Trump supporter, if they killed a BLM Inc supporter, it would be all over the news. His name was J. Bishop. President Trump was asked about this in the White House press briefing room by the activists at CNN. His answer was incredible play tape.
00:03:59
Well, I understand they had large numbers of people that were supporters, but that was a peaceful protest. And paint is not and paint as a defensive mechanism. Paint is not bullets. Your supporters, your supporters and they are your supporters, indeed shot a young gentleman who and killed him, not with paint, but with a bullet. And I think it's disgraceful. These people, they protested peacefully. They went in very peacefully. And I'll tell you what, they're protesting.
00:04:32
They're protesting when they turn on television or read whatever they may be reading. And they see a city like Chicago where 78 people were shot and 13 died, or a city like New York where the crime rate has gone through the roof, or a city like Portland, where the the entire city is ablaze all the time. And the mayor says we don't want any help from the federal government. When these people turn that on and they see that they say this is not our country, this is not our country.
00:05:01
That was a peaceful protest. Totally.
00:05:03
CNN does not care that a Donald Trump supporter was killed by a Joe Biden supporter. And as President Trump clearly said, also a CNN supporter, you point at CNN and said, these are your people and he's right. The way she handled this question is proof of that. That's Caitlyn Colins from CNN. And BLM Inc. is giving no indication at all whatsoever that they plan on becoming any less radical. What if I told you that BLM Inc and again, we on the Charlie Kirk show call BLM, BLM Inc.
00:05:37
, because I never want to be confused with criticizing the true phrase Black Lives Matter, but BLM Inc does not actually even believe that black lives matter. That's why they are quiet when police officers, black police officer killed in cold blood such as tomorrow's El Bohanon. What if I told you that BLM Inc. said if you kill one of ours, it's time for us to kill one of yours? That BLM incorporated speakers and leaders and activists are calling for a race war in this country, play tape of these are children, women and our family.
00:06:15
I got to say, get jealous if you kill one of your staff to kill one of yours. I know anybody. You don't want to hear that, but. Well, we want to to keep Briot. That's in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Sleepy southeast Kenosha, Wisconsin, I grew up in northern Illinois. I know the area very well. Play you play baseball in Kenosha, Wisconsin, great part of our country. Hardworking Midwestern patriots are now seeing their communities and neighborhoods burned down to the ground because BLM Inc.
00:06:56
is deciding to manipulate a narrative where two police officers were trying to arrest someone accused and indicted for sexual assault. Jacob Lake Jacob Lake evaded arrest despite being asked to stop being tasered, goes and tries to grab a deadly weapon and the police officers shoot him. More and more information to come out about this incident. However, BLM Inc. saw this as an opportunity to continue to fan the flames of a race war in our country, to try to turn white people against black people.
00:07:28
And they seized on this opportunity. This is an outright threat of full frontal domestic terrorism in our country, not in Portland or Seattle. This is Kenosha, Wisconsin, a working class suburb, not a Marxist coastal metropolis. The left is not hiding it anymore. They've openly embraced their dangerous brand of radicalism. It is now destroying and disintegrating the fabric of who we are as a country. And as a byproduct of this, President Trump is now surging in the polls because of the arson and the terror and because of what we are seeing in the cities of our country, President Trump is now seeing very favorable political trends.
00:08:13
A black police officer got shot in St. Louis over the weekend, just in the last week. There have been five people shot and killed in Chicago, 32 shot and wounded, 37 total shot in five homicides, and in August to date, 60 people shot and killed. Four hundred and twenty six people shot and wounded. Four hundred eighty six total shot and sixty three total homicides. Yet they only want to talk about an incident in Kenosha, Wisconsin, where a criminal under an arrest warrant for sexual assault, under indictment for sexual assault, evades arrest and tries to go grab a deadly weapon.
00:08:47
And meanwhile, the BLM incorporated Kenosha Leadership, is saying, if you kill one of ours, it's time for us to go kill one of yours. You heard the tape yourself. And CNN doesn't care that a Donald Trump supporter was killed in the streets. So this is happening in real time. Everybody in the last 72 hours post Republican convention, a Trump supporter was killed for being a Trump supporter in Portland, Oregon. A black police officer was killed in St.
00:09:10
Louis. A total silence on BLM Inc. and BLM Inc. is saying that if you kill one of ours, we killed one of yours calling for white versus black crime. If you let this play out, if you continue to allow this to play out, where does this go? And the rioting, the looting, which we're going to get to in a second, talking about the case for looting, what exactly does that mean? If you continue to play this out, more and more people are going to go into the streets like Kyle Rittenhouse, who, again, I'm not defending that Kyle Rittenhouse should have been there with an AR 15 walking the streets at 11, 30 at night in Kenosha, Wisconsin, when he lived in Antioch, Illinois, about 30 miles away.
00:09:49
However, I'm also not going to say that he should be guilty of first degree homicide. He was indicted for many different things, one of which was illegally owning a firearm under the age of 18. He's probably guilty of that. The other is wrongful discharge of a firearm. I'm not sure about that one. But first degree murder, no way. And to try to turn this guy into the poster child of neo-Nazi ism or white supremacy is a slander campaign, is a character libel campaign on behalf of the activist media.
00:10:18
And I'm able to have that kind of nuanced approach. I'm not going to say that Kyle Rittenhouse did nothing wrong. He was owning a firearm under the age of 18. One of the things he was indicted for, he probably shouldn't be walking the streets. But why was he doing that? He was doing that because Democrat governor, let me say that again, Democrat Governor Tony Evers. Did not call in the National Guard, despite President Trump offering the help via Mark Meadows, his chief of staff, and when that happens, some people start to think that it's time to play Batman.
00:10:50
You see, the story of Batmen best articulates exactly where this country is going, Gotham City was the metaphorical representation of a city run by thugs, criminals and complete and total lawlessness. Let's just talk about the three Batman movies that are of our generation. Batman Begins, Dark Night and Dark Knight Rises, those three movies in particular. One of the main characters of the movie is The City of Gotham, you see in certain television shows such as Breaking Bad, The Scenery, the place where the story takes is actually unfolding, such as Albuquerque actually becomes a character in the film.
00:11:28
Batman is no different in Batman. Gotham City actually was part of the story. A lot of the characters were always referencing Gotham as if it was a person, as if it was something worth redeeming, something worth saving, as if the journey was not the individual's journey. It was a journey to try to bring Gotham through a path of redemption. And so we know through Batman Begins, where Bruce Wayne himself goes through that redemption journey, where he himself goes through a hero's journey and embraces his darkest fear and uses that fear for good.
00:12:01
But really, the story of Batman is what happens when all civil society burns down around you. Should someone who engages in vigilante justice rise up and enforce the law? The story Batman is actually very complicated because it's actually answer that question easily. On the surface, it's like, oh yeah, of course he should. Of course you should. However, Bruce Wayne, through Batman, through an anonymous way of purveying justice, he's criminalized, nearly dies, has a tough way to go about it, loses his closest friends.
00:12:34
Not exactly an easy passage. However, here's the problem when Kenosha, Wisconsin, turns into Gotham City. Kyle Rittenhouse is not Batman. He's not, in fact, the story of Batman, aka typically and metaphorically, really challenges the viewer as to ask the question, what do you do when a city that you love, your home goes into anarchy and chaos? And this is a constant question in all three Batman's. It's actually the one thing that is a continual question that is being asked in Batman Begins, Dark Knight and Dark Knight Rises.
00:13:12
And Gotham goes under different forms of micro tyranny. Remember that term that we used before on the Charlie Kirk show and chaos and the one that is the most famous, I think, out of all three Batman movies is the Joker, where the Joker is able to have widespread chaos and terror, turning uncertainty within the police force, getting people not to even trust their own neighbor, doing things that are so pathologically sadistic. And then, of course, the third Batman movie where Bane takes over the entire city and holds it hostage, where Bane.
00:13:47
This came out in 2012. Was able to almost take over the equivalent of New York City and not just have widespread lawlessness, remember, what did they do? Bain went to the prisons and opened up the prisons and basically said prisons are not relevant now. I don't want to go too deep into the Batman metaphors or analogies, but I am saying these stories that resonate with hundreds of millions of people worldwide. They resonate for a reason, not just because with cool gadgets and people flying from buildings, there's plenty of movies like that.
00:14:20
The Batman story resonates with us because it asks that question of what would you be willing to do if a place that you knew and you grew up in all of a sudden turned into anarchy? And the problem with the story is that some people actually think they can then be a superhero when the police are not able to do their job and something turns into Gotham City. You got a problem. And that problem is made by Democrat governors and Democrat mayors.
00:14:45
And it has been a problem for a couple of decades. And now we are seeing the worst. Months of riots and arson since the 1960s, and if this continues to Election Day, it will be the worst riots and arson in American history. I'm going to dive deeper into this point in just one second, but first, who's your wireless provider? AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile. What if I told you, Peter, Talk USA uses the exact same network as one of those carriers, same towers, same exact coverage, but literally costs you half.
00:15:14
I know it sounds crazy. When I first heard about peer talk, I thought this is too good to be true. But then I looked at their customer views. Sarah from Abilene, Texas, said, The service is amazing. Love the price. The speed is quick. The reception is perfect. Eugene from Granbury, Texas, says, Good service having any problems in our travels, we move around the state pretty much since giving up AT&T, we really don't feel there's any difference in the level of service, quality or accessibility.
00:15:39
We're getting ready to put the service on our iPads. Switching is very, very easy. You can keep your phone and they'll just send you a SIM card so you can get the same great service you currently have. But a half the price. Listen to this unlimited talk text and two gigs of data. Is just twenty dollars a month, the average person is saving four hundred dollars a year, so why is it so much cheaper than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile?
00:16:04
No retail stores, no billion dollar year ad campaigns, no value adds to your contract that you end up paying for. So here's the deal. Unlimited talk, unlimited text, plus two gigs of data for just twenty dollars a month. All you need to do is grab your mobile phone file, pound 250 and say the keyword Charlie Cook. That's down to 50 and say keyword Charlie Kirk. And when you do, you'll save 50 percent off your first month.
00:16:29
And just to continue on the Jacob Blake story, which is now dominated our entire news cycle, where Drew Brees, who used to be an American patriot who's now a BLM Inc. pandering coward, said he's going to put Jacob Blake's name on his jersey or on his helmet where here's some facts. Blake is accused in the criminal complaint, which was obtained by the post of breaking into the home of a woman he knew and sexually assaulting her. The victim, who is only identified by her initials in the paperwork, told police she was asleep in bed with one of her children when Blake came into the room around 6:00 a.m. and allegedly said, I want my stuff.
00:17:03
I'm using a. PG word, the record states, she told cops Blak then used his finger to sexually assault her, sniffed it and said, quote, Smells like you've been with other men. The criminal complaint alleges the officer who took the statement said she, quote, had a very difficult time telling him this and cried as she told how the defendant assaulted her. And, quote, This is who BLM Inc. is raising up someone under criminal indictment for sexually assaulting.
00:17:33
A woman now everyone's innocent until proven guilty by Drew Brees, this is who you want to put on your helmet. Drew Brees will not say something nice about our country anymore, Drew Brees once tried to via Twitter, and then he ended up being a spineless coward. Drew Brees was going to actually stand up for what was right and good, but Drew Brees cares much more about his tens of millions of dollars. Meanwhile, people like Herschel Walker, who we have coming up on our podcast on Wednesday, has been taking a definitive stand against BLM Inc.
00:18:05
It has a backbone. Unlike Drew Brees, Drew Brees is happy to have the name of a criminal. On the back of his jersey and so in response to the rioting and the looting, I want to replay a tape from Don Lemon last week. Suddenly, the Democrats have come into focus caring about the rioting and the looting and the terror happening in our country, as Ernest Hemingway used to say. And we use this expression a lot here in The Charlie Cook Show.
00:18:30
Things happen gradually, then suddenly. A month and a half ago, I predicted that there was going to be a Trump surge. I saw the underlying trends. Many people thought that we on The Charlie Cook Show are being too bullish. I went on the record on Ben Shapiro's radio show with Michael Knowles hosting, saying Donald Trump's about to get within striking distance in six weeks or less by the end of August, early September. This is going to be Trump's race to lose.
00:18:52
Some people doubted me. A lot of people thought we were way ahead of our skis and we were wishful thinking. But that's exactly where the race is right now. It is a statistical tie between President Donald Trump and Joe Biden. Now, mind you, as these trends have been continuing, there's a reason for it. I grew up in northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin. And the number one, two, three, four, five issue is not the virus right now.
00:19:14
It is the riots, looting and arson amongst swing voters.
00:19:18
And almost like a wake up call to the entire media intelligentsia, which is the communications arm of the Democrat Party and the Joe Biden campaign. Don Lemon, who's a Marxist. Said on his show in a conversation with Chris Cuomo, almost this, a wake up call to the entire left wing. Hey, Democrats, you guys are getting something wrong and you're missing something not because innocent black lives are being slaughtered in the streets, not because businesses are being burned down, not because black owned livelihoods are disappearing.
00:19:50
No, it's because it's showing up in the polling. What a cynical way to view the world. Play the tape of Don Lemon. But before I do, just remember, this was last week. As Don Lemon was trying to raise the alarm, put up the red flag to Democrats, say, hey, guys, there has to be some polling you're not going to like because you have taken the wrong stance on the rioters. You play tape of Don Lemon.
00:20:14
I do think that this what you said was happening in Kenosha is a Rorschach test for the entire country. And I think this is a blind spot for Democrats.
00:20:26
I think Democrats are ignoring this problem or hoping that it will go away and it's not going to go away. And so unless someone comes up with a solution over the next seventy three days or 70. So however many days, sixty eight days, 68 days. So it's not the problem is not going to be fixed by then. But what they can do and I think maybe Joe Biden may be afraid to do it. I'm not sure, maybe he won't.
00:20:53
Maybe he is. He's got to address it. He's got to come out and talk about it. He's got to do a speech like Barack Obama did about race. He's got to come out and tell people that he is going to deal with the issue of police reform in this country and that what's happening now is happening under Donald Trump's watch on Donald Trump's watch. And when he is the president, Kamala Harris is the vice president, then they will take care of this problem.
00:21:21
But guess what? The rioting has to stop, Chris, as you know and I know it's showing up in the polling, it's showing up in focus groups, it is the only thing it is the only thing right now that is sticking.
00:21:38
And the Democrats tonight stuck with that. Right. And they also stuck with the theme that you said. The coronavirus, you got coronavirus and you have Kenosha, so now Joe Biden got the wake up call and Joe Biden's team got the wake up call from Don Lemon and Chris Cuomo. And this all of a sudden became the dominant news story the last couple of days. Don Lemon, was the straw that broke the camel's back. We've been trying to have a conversation on riots and looting and arson for months now.
00:22:06
And in a very unusual, very ironic way, BLM Inc., which in early June became the nemesis of President Trump's re-election campaign, which became very difficult for Republicans to wrestle with because BLM Inc actually was given power. And was given credibility, people saw who they really were, they saw that they wanted to start a race war in this country, they saw that they wanted to destroy the Western prescribed nuclear family. And instead of BLM Inc. building a sustainable political movement, which very well could have won 100 seats in Congress and had a 60 to 70 percent approval rating, BLM Inc.
00:22:48
might actually now win the president four more years. BLM Inc. might be the reason as to why Republicans keep the Senate and might make record gains in the House. Joe Biden comes out at the insistence of his handlers. I think Joe Biden is traveling now. I don't really know what Joe Biden traveling around the country looks like, but Joe Biden gave a speech where he was trying to blame the arson and the terrorism and the crime on Donald Trump. Now, I don't like doing the I told you so thing, but we did call this before anybody else last Tuesday evening when I said Joe Biden is going to come out and blame the riots in the arson on Donald Trump.
00:23:25
The moment I saw Don Lemon say what he said, I said. Joe Biden's going to come out and deflect and do the Orwellian gaslighting projection, we're going to talk more about what gaslighting means later in this week with a whole podcast coming on that, because a very important term that everybody understands where Joe Biden is going to completely blame Donald Trump for something he and his party is responsible for. Here's Joe Biden saying that it's really Donald Trump's fault that this is all happening.
00:23:51
Play tape.
00:23:52
Look. Donald Trump wants to ask the question, who will keep you safer as president? Let's answer that question first. Some simple facts. When I was vice president of violent crime fell 15 percent in this country, we did it without chaos and disorder. And yes, we did it with Democratic mayors and most of the major cities in this country. The murder right now is up twenty six percent across the nation this year under Donald Trump really feel safer.
00:24:29
Donald Trump now in the same press conference.
00:24:32
I have to play this tape. If you can understand what Joe Biden is saying here, email me and you will win many, many signed copies of The New York Times best seller, The Magna Doctrine. This is a little bit of a tangent and a diversion of what we're talking about today. But can you understand what Joe Biden is saying here? Play tape.
00:24:49
covid has taken this year, just since the outbreak has taken more than 100 years. Look, here's the lives. It's just when you think about it, more lives this year than any other year for the past 100 years.
00:25:07
So the Joe Biden speaking tour not exactly going well. And here's the one unintended consequence of BLM Inc. This goes back to one of our guiding theses is here on the Charlie Kirk show that the two political parties in America actually operate much more like sports teams, team right and team left. Now, what I mean by that. So if you're a huge New York Giants fan or if you're a big Ohio State Buckeyes fan when you are cheering your team, you're not exactly impartial.
00:25:38
What I mean by that for football fans out there, this is something you can really resonate with. You always want holding to be called on the other team, but if your own team holds and you score a touchdown, you kind of just easily kind of cast that aside. When there's the instant replay and it's kind of unclear whether or not the right foot was in the back of the endzone, but, you know, it might benefit your team, you really hope you still get that call.
00:25:59
So in sports and athletics, objectivity and almost that team mindset sets in and that's perfectly fine for athletics. It's understandable. I shouldn't say it's fine. It's very understandable. The same thing happens in politics where you put on the jersey of your team and you're cheering for your team no matter what. And so because of that, there are certain coalitions that inJune Team Democrat and team Republican basically were forced to support Team Democrat, decided become the Antipolice Party team Republican was the propolis party.
00:26:32
And it's not that Republicans were ever not the propolis party. It's actually that Democrats actually always used to win the police votes. And because of that, the Democrats have actually decided that they no longer want to be the police party. Republicans fell backwards into being the propolis party. Now, the Democrats were happy to see this because in early June, there was widespread condemnation of police, mostly because of the videos that came out from Derrick Shoven putting his knee on George Floyd, resulting in the death of George Floyd.
00:26:58
And so the Democrats were really happy to see Republicans embrace law and order, embraced law enforcement and embrace police officers. However, as the riots, the looting and the terrorism continued, the Democrats slowly and very slowly, I have to say, this was not sudden. They were not aware or alert. In fact, I think they were far too focused on lockdowns and masks. And the Democrats did not realize that there is real suffering and terror and safety concerns happening all across the industrial Midwest.
00:27:29
That one decent, reasonable swing voters, especially in the suburbs in the Midwest, started to be filled with fear, which is understandable when BLM Inc. has a terror campaign all across the Midwest, they retreat quickly to the party that is known as the propolis party. So almost as a pendulum unintentionally thought that the Republicans designed this, it was an unintentional stroke of political luck where the crisis that happened with decent and reasonable Americans, as soon as they said we want more safety, they looked around, they said, wait, who runs the police party?
00:28:05
Again, that's the Republicans. Let's go vote for them. And this is exactly why we have seen Donald Trump have a double digit boost since mid-July, something that political prognosticators and pundits thought to be nearly impossible. Where this race stands today defies the laws of political gravity. Not for us, because we actually track these trends. We talk to real people. We get students for Trump at turning point action actually knock on thousands and thousands of doors. We get hundreds of thousands of points of contact throughout all of our social media channels every single week and millions every single month.
00:28:43
And we get thousands of emails from all of you at Freedom at Charlie Kirkham, which is exactly why in the top battleground polls, general election, Trump versus Biden. On the 12th of August to the 15th of August, an ABC News Washington Post poll had Joe Biden up 10 points. Fast forward to today, as you are hearing this podcast, an Amazon poll has Joe Biden up two points. It happened that quickly. Within the margin of error, and we all know that there are silent Trump supporters, we all know that there is a silent majority out there.
00:29:24
If the polls are in striking distance, it's really trump up two or three. This is why there was a shock poll in the last couple of days from Trafalgar with a thousand forty eight likely voters, a bigger sample size than the other polls that preceded it. That showed President Donald Trump up two points in Michigan, Michigan, that had President Donald Trump down fifth 18 points in July. So you could probably say, I don't believe the polls, and that's fine.
00:29:55
But you can't dismiss the entire trend of a poll, that's why we have moving averages, that's why I love Real Clear Politics Dotcom. My friend Tom Bevan does a great job of running this website. It's one of the few independent websites left that actually just aggregate news, don't put forth an opinion and just put forth the data that you can draw your own conclusions for. Tom Bevan deserves a lot of credit, and I hope to have him as a guest on our podcast very soon.
00:30:19
He's a very fair analyzer of the news and a very smart person, very ethical, I think very highly real clear politics, dotcom. People ask, where can I get polls and trends and things I trust real clear politics dot com does a great job. And so when you look at these moving averages and you put them all together. It's because the Democrats decided to be completely distanced from any sort of law enforcement or police support at all. And so then you go back to Thursday evening.
00:30:50
So on Thursday evening. As the president was wrapping up his speech. I turned to my right and looked over my shoulder. And I started to hear more and more noise. The president was giving his last couple remarks. The fireworks are about to go up and I knew this noise. I know this noise because. I have confronted these people for the last seven years, ever since I've started speaking on college campuses in the earliest days of Turning Point USA and this is the noise.
00:31:23
Of Marxist terrorists, this is the noise of people that stormed out of a restaurant with a great Kandace Owens in Philadelphia. This is the noise the people that try to prevent me from speaking at Stanford, UC Berkeley, Brown University, University of Georgia, University of Texas, Austin, Texas State University, DePaul University. Anywhere I speak, that is major. That has a significant student population. I know this noise, it was the trumpets, it was the rage.
00:31:51
It was the screaming. It was the shrieking. And I sent a message to my team, I said, somebody is going to get hurt, so I knew exactly what was happening. Of course, the activist media was anticipating this, they wanted it to happen. The activist media would love to see nothing more than an ambush. This is a political ambush that was set up on the streets of Washington, D.C., where you had twenty five hundred or so of the most important Republicans in the D.C. metro area and all across the country, donors, radio show hosts, pastors, senators, congressmen, cabinet secretaries.
00:32:31
Former office holders all having to leave the White House grounds, and if you know the geography of the White House, you can envision it with me through the east entrance. Where 4000 plus BLM Inc terrorists were waiting for them. Now, thankfully, I know the White House grounds very well, I've been there multiple times, I have had the opportunity to meet with the president on many occasions. So with the people that I was traveling with, including my girlfriend and their chief operational officer, a turning point, USA, Tyler Boyer and some of our top supporters, I was able to find another entrance and avoid the BLM Inc.
00:33:10
terrorists. If I went out there, those terrorists, it wouldn't end well. Let's just put it that way now. It still took me a couple hours to leave the grounds because I had to go all the way west to go all the way north to avoid the vigilantes, the left wing vigilantes that were hunting down Republicans in the street. What ended up happening? Senator Rand Paul got assaulted. Pastors got chased off the streets. People got smacked across the face, spit on, harassed.
00:33:34
Now, I want you to imagine for a second, here's a thought exercise for you. I want you to imagine. If 4000 Trump supporters. With masks. Science weapons. We're waiting outside of the Obama White House. After an event that President Barack Obama hosted when Democrat senators, Democrat donors were there, how do you think the media would react? They would treat it as Charlottesville 2.0. That's how they would treat it. They would say that President Donald Trump has brought chaos and anarchy to the streets.
00:34:09
But President Donald Trump. Is to blame for his supporters assaulting Democratic senators and Congress, people and people like myself that might not have even been within a thousand miles would be forced to condemn and forced to repudiate. The violent mob outside of the White House, however, this happened. Just a couple of days ago, and the activist media didn't cover it the way that the activist media covered Senator Rand Paul being assaulted was this. Senator Rand Paul says an angry mob of protesters attacked him, even though there's a video.
00:34:42
Is it this little slight towards freedom loving conservatives? Is so unbelievably blatant, I love Senator Rand Paul, he has been a three times gets here on the Charlie Kirk show. He's a friend of mine. He's a fighter for liberty. He hates war. He loves our country. But can this guy get a break? He's been shot at at a baseball practice, a congressional baseball game. He got the Chinese coronavirus before any other US senator got assaulted in the street right here.
00:35:09
He got assaulted in his front lawn. By a neighbor which broke his rib and hospitalized him and Senator Rand Paul just can't get a break. Love that guy. But it seems that he is a primary target of the activist and the arsonist left and they go out of their way to target him. And who else was accosted and harassed? Alice Johnson, black woman. Who was pardoned by President Donald Trump, so BLM Inc. With screaming and harassing a black woman who was pardoned by President Donald Trump.
00:35:47
And the Democrat Party even platformed a murderer at their convention. That's right, the Democrat Party platform, a murderer. We're going to get to that in just one second. But first, in our fast paced world, it's tough to make reading a priority. At least it used to be a new app called Thinker. And K.R. has solved that problem by summarizing the key ideas from new and noteworthy nonfiction, giving you access to an entire library of great books in bite sized form.
00:36:16
Read or listen to hundreds of titles in a matter of minutes, including old classics like Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, to recent bestsellers like Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life. If you want to challenge your preconceptions or expand your horizons and become a better thinker, go to think. Forget Charlie. That's Takechi and Cargo Charlie to start an extended free trial and put your mind in motion. We love thinker here on the Charlie Kirk show.
00:36:41
I use it quite often. If you guys want to get through big ideas quickly, go to think gargash. Charlie, I love it. I do a great job.
00:36:50
Donna Hylton. Kidnapped the men, tortured him, raped him, held him hostage and then murdered him, a kidnapper, a rapist and a murderer spoke at the Democratic convention. I didn't hear about that from your activist Media Daily News Rundown. They hailed her as an example of a civil rights activist, a murderer, and this shouldn't surprise anyone because we know exactly who is behind the Democrat Party for us in the Charlie Kirk Show, we have been doing our best to factually warn the entire country that if you give power to the Democrat Party, you are giving power to a party that platform's rapists, kidnappers and murderers by the name of Donna Hilton.
00:37:30
You can look it up yourself. Donna Hylton spoke of the Democratic National Convention. And most of any of the media does not care at all. Joe Biden is directly connected to the BLM Inc. terrorism that is happening in our country. Joe Biden is trying to distance himself from it. As you heard in some of the tape previously, Joe Biden tries to say that this is Donald Trump's fault. How about 13? 13 staffers. At least 13 members of Joe Biden's campaign staff have made donations to a group that helped Minneapolis terrorists get out of jail on bail, according to a report the staffers posted on Twitter that they contributed money to a group called the Minnesota Freedom Fund, which opposes the practice of making people who are arrested pay money to avoid pretrial imprisonment, Reuters reported.
00:38:18
Campaign spokesman Andrew Bates' told Reuters that Biden himself opposes cash bail. Calling it modern day debtor's prison following the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis, the Minnesota Freedom Fund announced they raised over 20 million dollars over four days prior to Floyd's death. The group had already raised seventy five thousand dollars and of course, they had people such as Seth Rogen and others contribute to that fund. And by the way, PolitiFact, who's not exactly fair at fact checking, even came out and said that it is true that campaign staffers for U.S. Democrat 20 20 presidential candidate Joe Biden contributed to a bailout fund for terrorists arrested after the police in custody.
00:38:57
Death of George Floyd. Even Snopes confirm that, not PolitiFact. Snopes confirm that. Also, remember the person that is one heartbeat away and the shadow candidate behind Joe Biden, the most liberal member of the United States Senate, Senator Kamala Harris, in June. Senator Harris, who is, of course, Biden's running mate, said, quote, Everyone beware, because the protests are, quote, not going to let up and they should not and we should not play tape, Claire, that I know that there are protests still happening in major cities across the United States.
00:39:27
I just not seeing the reporting on it that I that I think that's right for the first few weeks.
00:39:32
But they're not they're not they're not going to stop. And that's they're not this is a movement. I'm telling you, they're not going to stop. And everyone beware because they're not going to stop. It is going to they're not going to stop before Election Day in November and they're not going to stop after Election Day. And that should be everyone should take note of that on both levels, that this isn't they're not going to let up and they should not and we should not.
00:39:55
So there, Senator Harris, supporting the perpetual arson and destruction of our country. And so that was flipping through real Clear Politics dotcom over the weekend. And I just kind of like reading the other side. And again, I do a couple of hours of reading every single day. And I try to distill it into a program for you guys twice every single day and once in the weekend. So thank you for those you that support us. Charlie Kirchhoff, I support you guys.
00:40:20
Help us do our job, hire the staff, the whole production team, give this to you on YouTube. If you guys did not know this and you're listening to this and Apple podcasts also available on YouTube, and if you're on YouTube, make sure you guys hit that subscribe button with the bell right where my hand motion is going. Right there. Make sure you guys hit the bell house flipping through Real Clear Politics, I saw this headline. I said, that can't be right.
00:40:42
Come on. And it said an argument faluting. Was an NPR article by reporter Natalie Escobar, author Vicki Oster, while whose book you might not have heard of this is called In Defense of Looting, came out on last Tuesday. I'm actually probably going to order a copy because I'm so curious how she makes these arguments, in fact, I want to walk you through her reasoning on this very carefully. Now, of course, NPR goes out of their way to platform her with legitimacy.
00:41:12
That's where your taxpayer dollars are going. And that's when Republicans passed the stimulus bill, 97 to nothing with Democrats. NPR got tens of millions of dollars, I believe it was. Seventy five billion dollars. We can get a fact check on that. But I believe it was seventy five million dollars that NPR received of taxpayer funding yet is. Seventy five million dollars. Seventy five million dollars. So they could do journalism like this to interview people like Vicki Uster while parents out there listen to those of young children or teenagers or people in college, if you're paying for your children's education, go to college.
00:41:44
They're learning these ideas. They're learning this victory, this Vicki Ostrer, while garbage that says in defense of looting. This is now it's considered intellectual in the university and NPR perfectly platformed it, as if this is a widely accepted and reasonable opinion. So you read this article and it was done again by Natalie Escobar.
00:42:10
The first line by the reporter tells you everything you need to know about her feelings about the author Vicky Oswald's book, quote, In the past months of demonstrations for black lives, there's been a lot of hand-wringing about looting, hand-wringing.
00:42:26
Let me defined hand-wringing for you and this woman. Natalie Escobar, you should tweet at her. Your opinions. Of what how she platforms Vicky Oster while the terrorist promotor. Hand-wringing, overwrought hand-wringing means an overwrought expression of concern or guilt, overwrought, and I don't think so. There is nothing overwrought about being concerned and terrified about looting. She's already trying to dismiss our concerns about other people stealing our stuff. She's apologizing and justifying criminality. And so she says this, quote, A new energy of resistance is building across the country now as protests and riots continue to grip cities.
00:43:10
She argues that looting is a powerful tool to bring about real lasting change in society. The rioters who smash windows and take items from stores, she says, and I'm reading directly here, are engaging a powerful tactic that questions the justice of, quote, law and order and the distribution of property and wealth in an unequal society.
00:43:29
It's now, first of all, it's really hard to go through the amount of Marxist class warfare throughout all of this. But this is where our taxpayer dollars are going. And when you educate your kid, the public school system and give them to colleges, they learn all this stuff, chapter and verse. They don't learn about Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, Descartes, Aurelius, Cicero, Locke, Burke, Hume, or the great thinkers that built Western society.
00:43:51
But they will learn about Oscar Wilde, who tries to justify looting. Do you think that Somalians or Venezuelans would challenge that law and order results in a more just society? Ellen Ohmar likes this line of thinking. Do you think Ellen Omar yearns to go back to Mogadishu and Somalia?
00:44:14
The reporter continues to interview her, Natalie Escobar and NPR, where your taxpayer dollars are going at National Public Radio, and it says, quote, When I use the word looting, I mean the mass expropriation. It's a tough word to pronounce of property, mass shoplifting during a moment of upheaval or riot. That's the thing I'm defending. I'm not defending any situation which property is stolen by force. It's not a home invasion either. It's about a certain kind of action that's taken during protests and riots, so Vicky Ostrer, while interviewed by Natalie Escobar, she's OK with stealing just as long as it's not at gunpoint.
00:44:56
So let's define looting goods, especially private property taken from an enemy in war, stolen money or valuables. Never mind that this is stealing. It's actually in the definition or theft, which inherently means taken against somebody's will or to forcibly remove property from another person. What's most striking is the author is equating the violence and rioting and looting to an act of war. In other words, plunder, meaning you have defeated your enemy and you're entitled to your plunder or your loot.
00:45:31
This is perfectly consistent with the BLM Inc leader in Chicago who said that when they stole all those items and merchandise from black owned businesses, they were getting their reparations. No, you're actually just acting like thugs and criminals and stealing other people's stuff. You were stealing stuff from Mohammed Ashiq, the immigrant who's been in our country for 42 years, who lost over 700000 dollars of merchandise of other people's products that you owned a watch repair shop business on Wabash Avenue and his whole life is over.
00:46:00
That's who you're stealing from. BLM, Inc. and Vicky Ostrer, while who is a pro criminal advocate. It's actually really disappointing that I have to break this down right now. When I was prepping this podcast. And I was going to the thoughts for this show and I was going through the facts and I was rereading this article, I actually grew with sadness for our country.
00:46:25
I grew in a little bit of a mood of. Despair and don't get there lightly, and I'm not pessimistic about the future of our country, but the fact that National Public Radio. Which actually used to be somewhat reasonable when I was growing up, I grew up listening to National Public Radio. It's what you do in the Midwest. Everyone listens to NPR. Would platform somebody like Vicky Ostrer, while we're, by the way, is a white liberal who is justifying the looting.
00:46:57
And stealing, which is, of course, not just the violation of our laws, but a violation of the Ten Commandments and a violation of stealing private property, which is multi thousand year progress that we made that is so obvious. It's sick, it's disappointing and it's so troubling. So just take what I'm saying very seriously, because this is not just some fringe ideology that's sitting on the shelf. This is National Public Radio and a woman that is writing a book that is basically making the case for stealing other people's stuff.
00:47:25
For stealing items in a store because, oh, yeah, people need it, why not? Man, if you were able to take whatever you need. What an immoral society that would be, that is exactly where we are heading. I want to tell you guys about good ranchers, though good ranchers began with the standard of bringing top quality, 100 percent American born, raised and harvested meat to families across America. This vision was instilled into them from their grandparents that owned community grocery stores and believe in trust, charity and family values, good ranchers, dotcom partners directly with American ranchers from across the U.S. to bring the highest quality meat straight to your door.
00:48:03
I love meat that is high quality, and I don't like the type of stuff that is throwaway, that is not organic or grass fed good or Match.com gets one hundred percent American raised beef right to your door beef the way it used to be. Get America's best grass fed grain Finnish beef delivered straight to your door. Don't forget that shipping is always free and the taste is always delicious. Good ranchers, dotcom, 100 percent American beef, chicken and more support.
00:48:31
American farmers support the American economy, skip the grocery store mystery meat and buy directed good ranchers dotcom. So here's what you do get. One hundred percent American born, raised and harvested beef and chicken delivered straight to your door. It good ranchers dotcom for perfectly packaged food for your family. Get the good stuff with good ranchers, t bones, ribis, falaise and more. And don't forget home delivery is always free. Good ranchers come and use that promo code Charlie to save thirty dollars off your purchase.
00:48:59
That's good. Ranchers dot com right now use the code Charlie. Save thirty dollars for a limited time only good ranchers dotcom promo code Charlie.
00:49:08
So this interview continues with Vicky Ostrer while. Who said this, that looting is a highly racialized word from its very inception and its English language, it's taken from Hindi loot, which means goods or spoils, and it appears in the English Colonial Officers Handbook. Do you see what she did there? She turned looting into something white people describe. About widespread crime. Pretty sure that people of color. Don't appreciate it when you steal their stuff either. The article continues by saying often looting is more common among movements that are coming from below.
00:49:45
It tends to be an attack on business, a commercial space, maybe government building. Taking those things that otherwise would be commodified and controlled and sharing them for free. Arguing that there shouldn't be private property. Remember, we talked about this many times on the Charlie talk show, this whole thing can be boiled down to a conversation about human nature and should we have private property or not? In fact, I said this on the Mark Levin Show before all the riots, looting and arson back in February when I was promoting my book, The Magga Doctrine, and I said, what's really going on here is a discussion about private property.
00:50:20
They want to get rid of private property. That's what's really going on here is a debate on whether people should be able to own property, own things, own stuff. The left doesn't believe that. Remember, Obama called business owners fat cats. That's a gateway argument, because if you think someone's a fat cat, then why not take their stuff? Obama laid the philosophical foundation with Joe Biden, allow the looting, the rioting in the arson to happen.
00:50:45
It's an assault on property. Now, what is property, though? People say, oh, I can just go steal a microwave or refrigerator. Property is somebodies investment time, energy dreams, production properties, not just stuff, it's other people's connection to the material world that they are trying to trade value for value.
00:51:08
And so the author continues by going to saying looting gets people what they need for free immediately, which means they are capable of living and reproducing their lives, not having to rely on jobs or a wage, which during covid times is wildly unreliable, or particularly in these communities, often not available or comes at a great risk. That's looting most basic tactical power as a political mode of action. Now, the fact that Natalie Escobar, the author of this piece at National Public Radio, did not push back at all and platformed this book as just a reasonable book.
00:51:47
All I can say is this when National Public Radio covers anything I ever say, if they were to cover the Magga doctrine, it would be so combative, so disagreeable. And yet this is where your taxpayer dollars are going. The fact Natalie Escobar gave this article credence gave it credibility. Is very troubling about where our country is headed, really is. Now, I'm not saying this book should not have been reviewed. But my goodness, Natalie Escobar, the fact that you just verbatim posted what she had to say and platform that with the.
00:52:24
Preface that you did. I'll let you draw your own conclusions to that one. So according to her argument after a while here and by the way, this article's not insignificant. National Public Radio is a mainstream publication that is taxpayer funded. And this is now going to be an argument that is being made. Throughout the Democrat Party, and this is what they believe, the case for looting, and yet most of the activist media does not cover this at all.
00:52:50
The argument she is making is that if you need something, you should be able to steal something. That if you're hungry. Go steal the banana. If you're cold, go steal a coat. That regardless of the barrier of purchasing that thing, if you need it, then go get it. It is the death of propertied is the beginning of exactly what Marx wanted, which is no one knows anything. Take what you want and then he thinks you're actually going to get back into a state of utopia.
00:53:23
But we all know that hell is a bottomless pit. Yeah, and by the way, the woman that rated the Victoria's Secret shop in Manhattan, I'm sure that's all just about eating. And so the author's opinion, if you need something, take something. If you are in need, in any capacity whatsoever or you have a desire, why should you have any sort of self-control or discipline? Why should you have to work? Why save your money?
00:53:51
Just walk into a target and take what you need. But there's more. The article continues by saying and it attacks the idea that in order for someone to have a roof over their head and have a meal ticket, they have to work for a boss in order to buy things that people just like them somewhere else in the world had to make under the same conditions.
00:54:08
It points to a way in which that's just unjust. So right here, right now, Vicky, Uster while. I'd love to have you as a guest on my program. I would I would love to have a conversation where I just ask you questions. And attacks the idea of property, Vicki Ostrer, while says, attacks the idea in order for someone to have a roof over their head or have a meal ticket, they have to work for an evil boss.
00:54:32
Look, we know exactly what all of this language means. We know exactly where this is headed. It is a disintegration. Of our entire civil society. So now you can go to Amazon.com and go by Vicki Uster Wyles book for twenty one dollars. So Vicki Ostrer, while who says we need to attack the idea of property?
00:54:56
Why don't you give your book away for free? Vicki Ostrer, while. Why are you charging money for your book if you don't believe in property? Why don't you give it away for free and just ask for a suggested donation? Why would you dare have us live under this? Awful, horrific and immoral market system where I have to give you money, I might have to go work to go buy your book to tell me not to go work and just to go steal.
00:55:26
And again, she said working for a wage voluntarily and paying for those things that you want is fundamentally unjust and I mean no sarcasm. I would love to have her on our show. I would treat her with respect. I would ask her questions. And, in fact. She'd actually probably sell a lot of books if she came on my show. I actually think that she would sell a lot of books, so the invites to you, Vicky, after a while, if you want to come on the Charlie Kirk show.
00:55:53
I'd really enjoy that. In fact, I've been looking for liberals to come on the Charlie Kirk show for months and just no one says yes.
00:55:57
I don't know why it continues by saying and it demonstrates that without police and without state oppression, we can have things for free. And it demonstrates that police are without state oppression. I'm repeating we can have things for free. Yes, stealing somebody else's production, the labor. The patent, the ingenuity when they make an iPhone and they put it in the store and you can grab it, that is for free. I hope you sense and realize the danger of what I'm reading to you and National Public Radio.
00:56:33
By Natalie Escobar and Vicky Uster while. She continues by saying human beings are inherently self-interested, the very basis of property in the United States is derived through whiteness and through black oppression, through the history of slavery and settler domination.
00:56:50
The country looting, strikes at the heart of property and whiteness and of police goes to the very root of the way. Those three things are interconnected. Of course, she believes that property and police are racist. She believes our entire country is rooted on white supremacy, which is a false, demented lie. She also argues that property is only derived through oppression and slavery. Wrong. The Founding Fathers never meant private property. To be ownership of other human beings was never a question of if we were going to get rid of slavery as a matter of when.
00:57:23
That's why in the United States Constitution, it clearly says a 20 year import ban on slaves coming in the United States and Thomas Jefferson, the first day he was able to do so is the third president in seven signed an import ban of all new slaves coming into the country, Vermont, near 1777, inspired by the Declaration of Independence, laws of nature and nature's God abolished slavery in the state of Vermont. Many other northeastern states followed suit in the years thereafter.
00:57:49
George Washington, the Northwest Territories, abolished all slavery in the Northwest Territories. Yet she focuses hyperfocus wrongly on also an economic fallacy. She's actually saying that slavery makes countries richer. It's wrong. It's actually not right. This is one of the core pro slavery arguments that the left makes a lot of realizing it.
00:58:11
Sometimes they realize it well. It's because the left used to own slaves. The Democrat Party is the party of slavery. The KKK opposing the 13th, 14th and 15th Amendment, the Civil Rights Act, blacks right to vote, blacks, right to speak black family formation. And of course, today is opposing black prosperity and actually wants more black people to be slaughtered in the streets. That's the Democrat Party.
00:58:29
However, the Democrats make this argument a lot that the basis of property and domination came through slavery, that people got richer because of slavery. If that's the case, why was the North so abundantly more prosperous than the slave south? It's because slavery, which is evil, immoral and a sin, is not just all of those things, is actually really bad economics. It's bad economics is you're not paying laborers their best wage to be able to have the best work slaves.
00:58:57
Of course, we're not properly incentivized. They were own as human beings. It also creates very lazy and unethical entrepreneurs that are not trying to innovate because they own other human beings all the time. So they get very lazy and they don't try to create new items or they don't try to create new skewes or innovations in the marketplace. And so it's just bad economics. You're also having most your population, no purchasing power. That's dumb. So this idea that the American economy was built on slavery was built in the defiance of slavery.
00:59:25
We got richer as we got rid of slavery. Our greatest economic advancements in our country came once we eradicated slavery, the industrial revolution and the greatest economic boom in American history happened once we got rid of slavery. The second biggest economic boom, post-World War two, 1960, 1990, thanks to Ronald Reagan and the Republicans came in. We even had more equity in our society thanks to the National Civil Rights Act.
00:59:49
So this idea that people were benefiting tremendously on the macro because of slavery is just complete and total nonsense. And for the slave owners that were doing that, they might have had temporary amounts of wealth and power. However, it actually made them so uncompetitive economically and it's immoral and it was a sin. And yet she says very clearly here that the idea of property is derived through whiteness and through black oppression. This is complete nonsense. How is it how is that possible when the United States then technically exists in Vermont and as Vermont is part of the United States and they abolished slavery in your 1777 or the Northwest Territories?
01:00:24
Please come on my show, Vicky Ostrer, while I would really enjoy a conversation with you, she continues to by saying another trope that's very common is that looters and rioters are not part of the protest. They're not part of the movement. This has to do with the history of protesters trying to appear respectable and politically legible as a movement and not wanting to be too frightening or threatening.
01:00:42
Again, every so often the left will tell you who they are. This is one of those amazing moments you should pay attention and take them at their word. The rioters and the looters are the protesters and vice versa, according to her, got that they're all the same. She says there's no difference. They're all part of the same. Backwards, malevolent, deceitful, bitter, destructive movement. And later, she says it even more directly, quote, It also totally erases the black folks who are at the core of the protests and makes invisible the black people who are rising up and who are initiating the movement were at the core at its center who are doing it most important and valuable organizing and its most dangerous fighting continues by saying the most popular understanding of the civil rights movement is that it was successful when it was nonviolent and less successful in its focus on black power.
01:01:31
It's a myth that we get taught over and over again from the first moment we learn about the Civil Rights Act. By the way, just so you understand, you keep reading this. There's no evidence at all when she says it's a lie. I mean, it's so it's so incredibly pathological that the stuff gets published on NPR. There's no facts, no evidence, no citations at all whatsoever. She continues by saying in terms of political crimes that people can commit against the state, it's basically nonviolent.
01:01:56
Your mass shoplifting, most stores are insured. Oh, so if you're insured, it's perfectly fine to go take whatever you want. If a store is insured, take anything you need, not as if their insurance rates won't go up. It does not disrupt the entire supply chains. And what happens if a drugstore is insured and you go and steal all the vitamin C, all of the Advil and the Tylenol, all the necessary drugs for the local community and it's just insured.
01:02:20
What do you go to a grocery store and steal all the food and all of a sudden the 85 year old that's at home is not able to access the food? Here's a really basic rule. And God gave us this and the uploaded moral app called the Ten Commandments. Thou shall not steal for a reason. It's deal because it's immoral, it's bad for society, it breaks down our entire ties. Can you believe you're on the Charlie Kirk show?
01:02:42
I have to make a case against theft. This is Joe Biden's Democrat Party. Everybody, then I now have to make a case against theft, against stealing. If this does not fire you up to go vote for Donald Trump, if this does not make you raging angry, then I have to do an extended program right now about how looting, rioting, arson and terrorism is being platformed at the highest level. I do not know what will motivate you or animate you.
01:03:09
The only good question of the entire interview Natalie Escobar asked was, quote, During recent riots, a recent sentiment I heard a lot was that looters in cities like Minneapolis were hurting their own cause by destroying small businesses in their own neighborhoods, store owners by owned by immigrants and people of color. What would you say to people who make that argument? Her answer is complete gibberish, because there is not a good answer, she says, but looters and rioters don't attack private homes.
01:03:34
Well, first of all, yes, they do all the time. Secondly, to say you're attacking your own community is to say rioters. You don't know what you're doing. This is what she says. But I disagree. I think people know they might have worked in those shops. They might have shopped and followed people, followed around by security guards, by the owner. You know, one of the causes of the L.A. riots is a Korean small business owner murdering 15 year old Latasha Harlins, who had come in to buy orange juice.
01:03:57
And that was a family owned, immigrant owned business where anti blackness and white supremacist violence was perpetuated. So she blames the Koreans again, but this time for white supremacy. But this is 2020, not 1992, and by the way, that example she uses completely flawed. We'll get to that in a future podcast. But consider this. She says having security guards at your store is reason to burn them down and loot them. That's her reasoning.
01:04:21
Here's what she said, too. When it comes to small businesses, family owned businesses or locally owned businesses, there are no more likely to provide worker protections. They're no more likely to have provide good stuff for the community than big business is actually a Republican myth that has over the last 20 years really crawled even into leftist discourse. That small business owner must be respected. That a small business owner creates jobs and is part of the community, but that's actually a right wing myth.
01:04:47
So she says that small business owners creating jobs, that small business owners that must be respected, these are all right wing myths. Over 600 black businesses were burned down in Chicago, rioted or looted in Chicago or Minneapolis in just the last couple of months. I'd love to have Vicky Ostrer Wyler and her white liberal book deal that she signed where she gets to sign sell 21 dollar books on Amazon.com. Go tell me what happens if I went and just stole every single copy of the case for looting and all of a sudden you get an invoice back from your publisher saying that you owe your one hundred thousand dollars for your advance?
01:05:23
Vicky Ostrer, while what happens if we come and steal all your stuff? And this rubbish filled the book. You understand how immoral this is, what she is saying, and your children are learning this, by the way, your children are learning this at their university. She continues by saying police say, quote, We support peaceful, non-violent protesters, we're out here to protect them and to protect them from people who are nonviolent. That's a police strategy to divide the movement.
01:05:51
So a nonviolent protest organizer will tell the police their march route. Police will stop traffic for them. So you've got a dozen heavily armed men standing around here watching you march. That doesn't make me feel safe. What about this is non-violent. So she, of course, conflates peaceful protest in cooperation with local police as divisive and as harmful. She is now she and what we just went through in this program is indicative of the left, that's what I fight against every single day on college campuses.
01:06:18
AOC, L.A., Morishita talibe Kamala Harris and Joe Biden believe everything that she says. At its core, these are their guiding principles, ideology on full display, and this lady is not an. She's not she's not behaving like a moderate to for you and lull you to sleep. She is being front and honest about her Marxism platform by NPR and supported by millions of people across the country. So what can we do to combat this President Trump had the right idea today in his news conference, and this is Trump at his very best play tape defeat.
01:06:49
Then we must jail lawbreakers and we must defeat their hateful ideology about this country, about America. We must teach our children that America is an exceptional, free and just nation worth defending, preserving and protecting. And that's what we want to do. They want to destroy our country. They're going to destroy our suburbs. But I think I've got a long way from allowing that to happen. The suburbs are protected, especially with the rule changes that I made.
01:07:18
I took them out of the Obama administration. They were going to be made much worse. What we're witnessing today as a result of left wing indoctrination in our nation's schools and universities, many young Americans have been fed lies about America being a wicked nation plagued by racism. Indeed, Joe Biden and his party spent their entire convention spreading this hateful and destructive message while refusing to say one word about the violence. They didn't even discuss law enforcement, the police, those words weren't mentioned.
01:07:53
And we have to get our children to love America again. And we will have a podcast on this later this week. So are you guys convinced of the case for looting for by Vicki Ostrer while the white liberal charging a twenty one dollars for her book on Amazon.com? While she says she hates property. Are you convinced that we shouldn't steal other people's stuff? The immorality the Democrat Party knows no bounds. They will not stop unless we stop them. These people are closer to power than ever before, and Joe Biden is a clueless vessel to give people like Vicki Ostrer while ultimate power to take everything you have literally.
01:08:32
She makes an argument that property should not exist, your family heirloom should be stolen. Your savings gone, anything that you value on the material should be taken from you. I wouldn't be surprised soon if there is a piece that says the case for murder, why bad people should be killed in the streets. Seriously, I can see it. It's where the left is going. As you know, The New York Times had a piece justifying pedophilia. That's where all these conversations are going.
01:08:59
Marrying children, having relationships with young children, taking other people's stuff, this is no longer conversation of high taxes versus lower taxes. If you support Joe Biden, you support everything that I talked about in this program and shared this with your friends. California law, S.B. one four five, which would reclassify a lot of sex offenses and decriminalize pedophilia. This is where the American left in the Democrat Party is. If you vote for Joe Biden, you vote for the case faluting and they can come for your family next, they can come for your 85 year old grandmother and steal everything that she had, everything she worked for, those early mornings, those late nights, they might steal your children, they might steal all of it.
01:09:35
Just there's no property. Should you be able to have children? Why not take them to. This is Vicky Ostrer, while the new spokeswoman for the Democrat Party, and I'm half kidding when I say that and you guys can follow along at the article and PRG Natalie Escobar, email me your questions, everybody. Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom, get involved. A turning point. USA, USA, Dotcom. If you guys want to get engaged, get involved in the fight on college campuses.
01:09:59
And if you are not motivated after this episode, man, and you don't see how this starts to play out, the intellectual defense now for widespread arson, looting and taking of other people's stuff. Get involved, do something about this on your precinct, knock on doors, make phone calls, donate money to any sort of candidate you possibly can do something about this. Everybody, we got to get President Trump four more years, because if Joe Biden wins, people like Vicki Asteroidal are going to run our government.
01:10:25
And we will have a country that looks like something similar to Somalia, lawlessness, anarchy and chaos. They're closer to power than ever before, if you guys want to win a signed copy, the Maggie Doctrine type and Charlie Kirchberg podcast provider hit subscribe, give us a five star review, screenshot it and email us at Friedemann, Charlie Dotcom and consider supporting us. Charlie Kirkham report. Charlie Kirk Dotcom Slash Support. Thank you guys so much for listening.
01:10:51
Big week in store. We got Donald Trump Jr. as our sister episode today, Herschel Walker tomorrow on many other episodes. You know where to find the news, the analysis and the perspective that you need. Thanks so much for listening. God bless. Talk to you soon.







PODCAST8)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on our podcast podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts at Leya Health Care.
00:00:09
We always want to give our members more. So now you get unrestricted access to a world of benefits that will help you stay healthy from convenient video calls with a GPS to get prescriptions online to easy access to experts. When you finally want to do something about your rapini or dodgy back, and if you do need to see someone urgently, our clinics are available for minor injuries, all without you needing to put your hand in your pocket. Let's stay on top of your health in every way.
00:00:34
Their health care. Looking after you, Ohmes. Insurance provided by Elipse insurance, limited training as a health care, health care, limited trading as a health care and their life is regulated by the Central Bank of Unrestrictive Benefits are available at the end of December. Feh usage policy applies.
00:00:48
Hey everybody. Today in The Charlie Cook Show, I'm joined by my friend Donald Trump Jr. about his new book, Liberal Privilege, considered supporting us at Charlie Kirkham Report. And email us, as always, at Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. When you guys support us at Charlie Cook Dotcom slash report. Ten dollars, 20 dollars a month, 30 dollars a month, a hundred dollars a month, you allow us to continue to do more podcasts, have better guests and fight for freedom and American exceptionalism every single day in front of millions of people.
00:01:16
Donald Trump, Jersey, everybody, buckle up. Here we go.
00:01:19
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Cook in the White House. I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful news organizations ever created. A turning point, USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:01:49
That's why we are here.
00:01:51
Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of the Charlie Kirk Show. I am joined by my friend Donald Trump Jr, who has an incredible new book out, Liberal Privilege, Joe Biden and the Democrats Defense of the Indefensible. Don, welcome back to the Charlie Kirk Show. And tell us about why you wrote this book and the significance for this book heading into this very important election.
00:02:13
Well, a couple of Charlie, I know you were such a big part of triggered and even the book tour and everything like that, I had no intention of writing another book. It was sort of one of the unintended consequences, really, of the quarantine. Right. When we were in lockdown, I started writing this book and I decided to self publish because if that would have lasted two, three, four or five weeks, I wouldn't have actually had time to finish.
00:02:33
But with four months, I just started looking. I was at home. You can't go to work. You couldn't go to church. You couldn't do anything. So I'm locked at my house. And as much fun as CGY is, you know, I had to do a little bit of work to it wasn't it wasn't just pleasure. And I started looking and researching Joe Biden and I was just astounded how much stuff is out there about Joe Biden that literally no one in the media is talking about.
00:02:54
I mean, just refuse to even acknowledge. I mean, these are things that would be totally disqualifying to Trump or any conservative Joe Biden. It's as though they never happen. And I said 50 years is a long time to not have a record. I mean, that's half a century, you know, sort of my line from the convention speech was, you know, he's the Loch Ness monster of the swamp. And it's true. And liberal privilege is exactly that.
00:03:17
Right? It's the ability to have, you know, flip flops throughout your entire career. It's the ability to have failure. It's the ability to destroy the American manufacturing, American jobs, the middle class, and be able to run on that platform as though you're magically going to now say that despite having spent 50 years destroying it and not being held accountable, not being called out by a mainstream media that you and I have spoken about many times, Charlie, have just totally abdicated their responsibility to inform the American people, to be activists for the far left.
00:03:48
I mean, I know we've been the recipients of their ire on more than a few occasions, but that's what it is. So I go through Joe Biden's voting record, you know, NAFTA, TPP, China, permanent status in the World Trade Organization destroyed the working class. I go into Joe Biden's help. I interviewed Ronnie Jackson, Admiral Ronnie Jackson, the former White House doctor who who observe Joe Biden over the years and sees him now, you know, talking about I wouldn't feel comfortable as a citizen of America to let this guy with obvious cognitive decline to be president.
00:04:20
And and again, if Donald Trump mispronounced is a complicated name. You know, every tell us psychologist in America is on TV saying he's in the later stages of Alzheimer's and dementia. Joe Biden can't remember where he is most of the time. I mean, he needs a teleprompter to speak to three people. You see, when he's doing these sort of khush like that Anderson Cooper interview, you know, one of the few times he actually answers a question, he's reading notes off the side of the screen because he can't remember basic talking points.
00:04:47
I mean, if you've been doing this for half a century, you can't remember, like the basics. You don't know what your platform is. You don't know what you're saying. You can't remember it. You need a teleprompter. It's pretty sad. So it goes through a window into. All of that, it goes through the Biden family and it's not just Hunter that leeched off of Joe's offices, it's Joe's brother and the sister. And the Biden family has probably made hundreds of millions of dollars living off of Joe Biden's taxpayer funded office.
00:05:15
And he's such a humble public servant. Hunter's one point five billion, which is 30 million a year in fees and a typical fund is, you know, 30 million a year in fees. Do you think Joe is going to be tough on China? We talk about these things because if we did this, if I took one point five dollars from China, Charlie, it would be disqualifying. It would be the end of the world as we know it, according to the media.
00:05:35
But for them, nothing to see here. Folks, what I love about the title is it's so true because there's all these discussions in America right now around privilege and you make the argument there is legitimate liberal privilege. So let's talk about one that happened recently. You and I were both at the last evening, the final evening, the Republican National Convention. The president gave a phenomenal speech. You were on stage. It was a great convention and you did really well in your speech as well.
00:05:58
And then as the president was wrapping up, I was kept on turning around because I heard the thousands of rioters outside. And you and I have dealt with these maniacs before and I knew how to carefully avoid them. Rand Paul got assaulted outside by the BLM Inc., left wing arsonist, terrorists, pastors got assaulted. I want you to imagine this is liberal privilege and its worst form. Imagine if 4000 Trump supporters were waiting outside of the Obama White House and we're screaming at people that were coming after a evening address in the White House lawn and Senator Bernie Sanders was assaulted outside of there.
00:06:34
That is liberal privilege.
00:06:37
One hundred percent. You wouldn't even it would be the biggest story of the month of the year. Nothing but talk about it, any one of them. But but Rand Paul, I mean, he gets us with his wife, and it's not even a single person, not one of his colleagues in Congress even denounced it from the other side. It's like it's as though it didn't happen or they're just tacitly accepting of it happening. What's worse about it, though, and it shows you sort of the level of I guess it's the lack of intellect of these protesters is they're screaming at Rand Paul, say her name.
00:07:08
I'm talking about Brianna Taylor not knowing that Rand Paul is the guy that introduced the legislation with her name on it for no, no, no knock raids. So they were assaulting the guy that is literally the champion of the cause, which means they know nothing about the cause. They were given some talking points. They were given the bullet points and they were told to go make trouble. If if you're doing it from a genuine standpoint, if you're doing it with any sort of modicum of decency and intellectual honesty, you would know what's going on in the case.
00:07:39
You wouldn't assault the one senator that actually brought forth this sort of legislation. It just shows you how out of touch they are. And it's it's truly sick. You know, you saw the DNC with their hatefilled you know, it was a one week long I hate America Zoome call with the production value of my kid's kindergarten Zoome class. And not one person denounced three four months of rioting. Not not one person even mention it. It's though it's not happening, it's, it's sad.
00:08:09
But I think that was a vision that we saw. I mean your speech was incredible about these sort of things and that's what Americans saw. They saw stories, people living their American dream stories that literally could only happen in America and the left attacks that, oh, there wasn't enough out of touch. Hollywood celebrities. Well, and I think, you know, well, their production value is a disaster. And I guess they've lost a lot of their flair for production ever since Harvey Weinstein went to prison.
00:08:35
So it's pretty sad.
00:08:37
Well, I thought the Republican convention is an amazing job and there's a lot of different other positives from it. You remember back in twenty sixteen at the Republican convention in Cleveland, these things are glorified circuses, right? I mean, you have reporters everywhere, people that leak, people that that there's fights that break out. It was really interesting, Don, is that there was none of that extra drama around this week's convention. And I just thought of this the other day because I went back in the archives and I read all the coverage of the 2016 convention and most of the media coverage, what was happening outside of the convention, not inside of it.
00:09:07
And actually in a very bizarre way and like one of the greatest cellphones in history since the Democrats have shut down the entire country, basically. And we were forced to do a virtual convention, which is understandable. The message actually became the top tier issue instead of all the other kind of protests and pageantry and people screaming at each other. It's a really good point. They would have never touched Alice Johnson or Herschel Walker. That's exactly right. If there was rioting and looting outside of the RNC, that's one Trump supporter brought the Charlotte what they brought here.
00:09:39
And if one Trump supporter would have said something mean to somebody that would have been the front page of every word, would have been a distraction from all these other speakers. One hundred percent, so, you know, the unintended consequences that we got to tell a real story, a vision for America, one that explains how America is the greatest country in the world. And again, if you look at the Democrats, you'd say you live in the most oppressive nation in the world, which is, you know, not sellable in any modern context other than when the mainstream media is your marketing wing.
00:10:09
And you compare those two things and it's no wonder they got no bounce. And we did.
00:10:14
Yeah, so totally. So I'm going to read from one of your chapters you're unfit to serve. And by the way, it's a terrific book. I encourage everyone to check it out, liberal privilege. And I think it is the most comprehensive take down of Joe Biden. And what I love most about this book is that it dives deep into the record of Joe Biden, where some conservatives I hear this quite often people say, oh, Joe Biden is such a good guy and I guess he's harmless.
00:10:36
You do not take that approach in this book. You don't you do not take because he is not. That's how much he wants to sell. That's the image the media wants to sell. Its its moderate Joe Biden from Scranton. No, he left Scranton when he was eight years old. He moved to the D.C. area. He got his first elected D.C. swamp position in his 20s and has been there for 50 years now. He's going to pick something.
00:10:59
If Joe Biden knew how to fix anything, why didn't he do it already? Charlie, why didn't he start? It wasn't like he wasn't the VP to the first African-American president in America. Maybe he could have addressed racial inequality. Maybe he could have done something with the first step back then. Prison reform, maybe opportunity zones. But no, that's the problem. The Democrats don't want to solve these problems. They want to campaign on them. Exactly right.
00:11:23
If you solve the problem, you know, well, what are you bringing to the table now? Their agenda isn't one to help America. Their agenda is one that's based entirely on dependence. They need you to be dependent on big government, otherwise they don't offer you much. So they could have addressed these problems. I mean, I know. Does that take a little while to warm up? OK, usually takes me 30, 40 seconds in an interview to sort of get in my groove.
00:11:45
A half a century is too long. Like, I don't think anyone in America is dumb enough to believe that Joe Biden's now going to do that. He's going to be the savior of the middle class and working Americans. Well, sort of weird when you spend the first half a century of your career building China, destroying the middle class, destroying American manufacturing again, TPP, NAFTA and permanent status of the World Trade Organization. I mean, these did irreparable damage to America, but the media is running like these are champion of blue collar workers because he says he is and no one's calling them out.
00:12:20
So because they've abdicated their role, someone had to step up. And so, like I said, the unintended consequence of the quarantine was I had the time to do this work and I couldn't believe how much there is that is so damaging, so bad. So this isn't even a book, you know, for guys like you and me, who it is is really a book for people who don't know, for people who are independents, but realize that the media is just playing favorites, realizing the media is a cheerleader for the left, wanting to hear the alternative, wanting to hear some facts about the other side so they can actually make an informed decision going into November.
00:12:52
This book is does nothing for them, because when you realize what's going on, what Joe Biden's really about, you realize, you know, he's not moderate, blue collar Joe from Scranton. He's the Loch Ness Monster of the swamp.
00:13:03
And you say it so well in chapter to quote, Joe Biden might be the original swamp monster. Very well said. He's been part of the establishment for so long, he's put down roots. Fifty years as a Washington insider, twice as long as I've been alive. That's pretty incredible longevity. I'll give him that. But is today's gaffe prone Biden the same one who started his liberal crusade? The guy we have now, the guy we have now, can't even remember what state he's in.
00:13:29
Half the time he confuses his wife with his sister, which I hope doesn't happen at home. And to make matters worse, while he's running for president, Biden told voters in South Carolina he was running for the United States Senate seat. And you go on further to detail exactly the policies that he argues for. Can you also talk about what he has promised to do through his entire deal with Bernie Sanders? If I'm not mistaken, you also have Bernie Sanders or Chuck Schumer on your cover and you talk about it, and I don't want to misspeak here, but you talk about how this is an entire radical takeover of our government, not just Joe Biden.
00:14:03
It is Joe Biden's the vessel to get them there because, again, the media can utilize him as a way to sell. It's just marketing, right? No one believes that Joe Biden is actually in control even of himself at this point, let alone the Democrat Party. But they can sell the America. This is just moderate. Nice guy, Joe. It's all B.S., Charlie. But they can do that. But meanwhile, the media got who they really want it to be in charge.
00:14:24
We just come out, right? They got that. They got the Bernie Sanders joint unity platform on Joe's website, where you, the American taxpayer, Charlie, have the privilege of spending four trillion dollars in a tax hike that he's saying he's not even pretending middle class America, we're going to tax you so you can pay for free health care, free education, free lawyers for illegal immigrants to make sure that they get the. Benefits now, you don't have the privilege of getting that for yourself or for your kids, you have to pay for that on top of all of it, but you can pay for it for others.
00:14:54
I mean, this is a radical Marxist platform, the destruction of the suburbs. You know, where are we going to say you don't want all these big cities that you escape, that you pay a lot of taxes to live in the suburbs? You know what? We're going to eliminate single family housing, all those cities, those Democrat run cities and strongholds for one hundred years. In some cases, you know, they failed. They've racked up debt, they've run deficits, they're falling apart.
00:15:15
They're a total disaster. Just look around. You know what? We're going to give them power over the suburbs. You know, just to give everyone a little bit more. I mean, what this will do to the American middle class, what we'll do to that sort of suburban American ideal and dream and tradition, it will destroy it along with your property values and ultimately your schools. It's it's a true is scary proposition. But again, if a Republican was proposing legislation this radical like people would talk about it.
00:15:42
The media is pretending like, no, no, no, just it's great legislation. While they're laughing that they're probably able to sell a strong and a large portion of the American populace, that that's actually true when it's not. And that's why this book is so important, since literally I feel like I'm the only person in America, you perhaps with me actually highlighting these things. I agree with them against the mainstream media complex that it's David and Goliath.
00:16:05
I mean, these are billion dollar companies pushing a narrative, jamming it down your throat, spoon feeding it to you all day, even though it's a lie, not telling the counterpoint even remotely. What I what I love about this book is that you challenge the premise. A lot of these conservative circles that we both run in, I hear from even media people on the radio and on television, they say, well, Joe Biden's harmless.
00:16:27
And you say, no, your baseline is not harmless, is that he's actually more harmful because more people will vote for him thinking the policies are different than what they actually are. So that's the thing. He's not a candidate. He's a vessel for the radical left. He's like camouflage for the radical left to push their agenda under the guise of it being a moderate platform. But if you go through that, Biden and Sanders do unity platform, like I said, it's literally like the Communist Manifesto for the New Age.
00:16:55
It should scare all of us. It will drive our economy into the ground. It will drive already stressed systems, whether that be education or health care or really into the ground. And it will destroy so much of the American dream to a point where it's probably irrepairable. You take that with some of the radical ideas of the left, whether it's, you know, stacking courts, you know, statehood for D.C., statehood for Puerto Rico. That way they get control of the Senate with another four senators.
00:17:19
And you have a fifty year power shift where you'd never have you'd probably never get it back. You'd never get the Supreme Court back and never get the Senate back. And that's how they would implement their Marxist ideology on this country and destroy it in the process. So the title is Liberal Privilege, and I encourage everyone to check it out. Now, Don, you grew up in New York. You spent a lot of time around liberals, not around leftists.
00:17:43
Can you talk about how your upbringing, how you have seen what used to be called a liberal now turn into just a radical insurrectionist? This is very helpful for a lot of our younger listeners who sometimes conflate terms because you grew up around what would be called as liberal America. But that's not what's happening right now, now. And it's beyond that. I mean, I think, you know, if you looked at John F. Kennedy today, you know, a hero of the left, he would be considered all right.
00:18:10
You know, he'd be a neo-Nazi, according to the left today. You know, this isn't your grandfather's Democrat Party. This isn't the party that represents working class Americans anymore. And you don't believe me? Just look at their platform. It literally it spends more time focusing on helping people who are here illegally than it does actually American citizens. Look at what's going on in the some of the you know, the the bills over the last couple of months for coronavirus.
00:18:33
I mean, Nancy Pelosi is sitting there fighting for billionaires and millionaires to get their salt deductions back. But when my father says, hey, I want to implement a payroll tax to put dollars back into Americans wallets, meaning your taxpayer dollars, we want to give them back to you. She wants to give it back to billionaires. I mean, that's that cost me six figures a year. But I want to go to the American people. You know, they need it right now.
00:18:56
It's their money. And that's where government gets conflated. These radicals, it's government money. It's government. No, it's not. It's taxpayer money. And so I've seen that. I mean, again, I grew up in a place I've always been conservative, but I grew in a place I used to be able to have a dialogue with some of these people. And now I could argue their standpoint. I can even put myself in their shoes, incredibly, argue their case.
00:19:17
Now, I do that and it's like you can't even have the conversation. I can't even fathom where they're coming from. Now, what I will say is this. Many of them also realize how far it's gone. And they're like, yeah, it's just it's getting ridiculous, whether it be. Yeah, let me hit on that. Our other episode that we're airing alongside this one is this woman victim, Oscar Wilde, who has a book called In Defense of Looting.
00:19:40
This is a real thing in defense of all that. And this is and this is where the Democrat Party is going and only. Rules with liberal privilege could get away with being able to say we're going to defend stealing private property from lower income business owners.
00:19:53
But, Charlie, it's beyond that. This is the first time in American history where the Democratic platform seems to be, hey, you'll get arrested for opening up your business to put food on your family's table, but you won't get arrested for looting someone else's business. So true. I mean, it's asinine. I mean, it's literally if you go to church work. That's right. School, you literally get fined. People are getting summons. People were getting arrested.
00:20:20
People were losing their business licenses. Those are three pretty simple, basic tenants of just American ideals. But looting, rioting, you know, that's acceptable because it's for political purposes, just like you saw you got a social distance at the Trump White House. But if you have fifty thousand people marching in protest, all of a sudden you're immune to covid-19. It doesn't apply. And we had doctors on there saying that, well, it's different because this is for political purposes.
00:20:46
So I'm like, wait, does the virus differentiate? Because I don't think it does. I don't think it does. But you've also had a whole campaign of fear manipulating around the virus, especially with what you saw from the CDC coming out where, well, only six percent of the cases were actually people that didn't have some sort of really comorbidity, you know, pre-existing conditions that some of these people may not have made it through the rest of the year with or without covid.
00:21:07
But they can rack that up because they can use that fear to control you. They can use that fear to drive their agenda no different than the rioting and looting. Like I said, they only came out against it once and said, oh, man, it's going to hurt you in the polls. Guys, we got to oh, now we're against it magically. After 90 days, we're going to come out and actually say something. I'd like to believe no one's dumb enough to buy what they're selling.
00:21:29
But when you have billions pushing it, when you have guys that are consuming a couple of minutes of news a day, Charlie, you know, and it's all negative, it's still hard to overcome that. That's why we have to work that much better and more efficiently and harder to overcome the deficits that are sort of just natural to our side of the equation. I want to give the listeners a little bit of hope here. And, Don, you deserve a lot of credit and so does the Trump campaign for staying the course and keeping keeping faith, because according to the latest betting odds, which is a really interesting indicator, it's basically a statistical tie right now between President Trump and Joe Biden.
00:22:00
The latest real clear politics average in the battleground states have almost every single state within the margin of error, absent just Pennsylvania one poll. But I think we know that some of these polls can be a little bit skewed. But even if you think these polls are skewed, it's right there. I mean, this race is now tight and your book is able to address Joe Biden and bring down, in my opinion, his favorability, which is way too high even amongst moderate Republicans and moderate voters.
00:22:23
What is your opinion of the state of the race right now? It's ever changing. And I actually think your book is going to play a role in convincing people to vote for your father and not vote for Joe Biden. That's the idea, because, I mean, if you're if you're net neutral, you've not heard a single bad thing about Joe Biden. Now, there's plenty there is 50 years of it, but again, no one's talking about it.
00:22:41
So the idea of this book was always to to put it out there. It's why I self published it. Right. I didn't want anyone telling me you can't do that. You and I both know people very close to us who have gotten that call from their publisher. Well, we don't like that point. You're getting a little too aggressive now. You're not going. And people aren't going out of bounds. They're just saying this is where we are as conservatives.
00:23:00
This is literally our platform. But you're being threatened monetarily by publishers. And so I said, I want full control. I want to make sure they can't play games. I want to make sure they can't just say, hey, we're just not going to release it. This is the definitive sort of dossier on Joe Biden. This is all of the things the media should be doing but has refused to do. These are all of the things that you have to do to understand not just his terrible voting record, but the personality, the family.
00:23:25
It is not the image that the mainstream media has sold you of the Bidens and everything they're doing. And again, that's not just Hunter and the drugs and the running from child support and alimony and the cushy deals that no one, no reasonable business person could possibly get from China and the Ukraine. But it's the brother and the housing contracts in Iraq that he magically never built a house in his life. But congratulations. Now you're in charge. It's it's that pay to play aspect of Washington, DC that so many people hate that the Bidens are such a big part of.
00:23:56
I mean, they're the ultimate swamp creature. Right. And, you know, I think with this book, when people read it, when they show it to their friends, when they use this as the basis to have an argument with their friends that are either on the fence or even on the other side to be like, but did you know it's going to be like me? Because you and I do this all the time. And I was like, whoa, wow.
00:24:15
How is no one said that? I mean, like I said, Ronney Jack said to aneurisms, the guy can't remember where he is half the time. If you saw the explosion, explosions, Joe Biden, you can you can you dive into that really quick. He's had to charisms. He's literally had to aneurysm.
00:24:29
That could almost kill you. If you ask the doctor if you had one aneurysm to put him in a coma essentially for quite a bit of time, even one, if the chances of you having not having cognitive issues later on is almost impossible, he's had to separately. You combine that with the very glaring cognitive decline, you say, well, really, I don't see it. Watch Joe Biden give a speech today and watch him 15 years ago in the Senate and tell me it's the same person that we've Donald Trump mispronounced some obscure name.
00:24:59
It's over these days, then dementia. He's got dementia. Joe Biden does the stuff on a daily basis. Yes. And it's like you can't even question you can't even talk about. So I literally I interviewed Randy Jackson from the White House Medical Office because people have to know these things. You can't I feel terrible for someone that's going through dementia. Right. That's that's not an easy thing. But like, I don't feel bad enough to be like, you know what?
00:25:22
I'm going to give you the nuclear football. I'm going to give you my kids future, you know, because I feel bad. You could be a great grandfather. You could be a great human. You can do a lot of stuff with it, but you're going to get the presidency of the United States because we feel bad about addressing this thing up. If these things happen to Donald Trump would be front page news every day, no doubt.
00:25:43
So, Don, last question here. What else about the book? Should people know they can find it on Amazon? Right. We encourage everyone to whatever book provider they have. I encourage everyone to go buy one or two or three copies, but most importantly, go buy a copy for liberal friends or for people in the middle. Right. And make this case. And I say quite often, and you make the case throughout the whole book, if the left did not have double standards, they wouldn't have any standards at all, whether it be Hillary Clinton smashing devices under subpoena, whether it be Joe Biden doing billions of dollars of business, our greatest enemy, China, if Republicans did any of this or creating a terrorist mob outside of the White House going after Trump, how about encouraging someone to not concede an election even if you lose?
00:26:22
I mean, Hillary Clinton basically that so of Stacey Abrams. I mean, she still thinks she's the governor of Georgia. So, you know, that's the left's play, right? Accuse them of doing all of the things that you're actually doing. And it's no different than Joe Biden sort of gaslighting that these are somehow Trump's riots again in Democrat cities with Democrat mayors, with Democrat policies, with Joe Biden voters. It doesn't work, but the media will try to do that.
00:26:43
So this is the definitive book. I know Amazon, obviously the usual Barnes and Noble. It'll be available there because of self publishing. I also offered it to a lot of I know I know a lot of guys in our world and conservative world. They're like, I don't want to give money to the Amazon Washington Post. So I actually made it available on my website as well. It triggered was so popular. Everyone kept saying, hey, can I get an autographed copy?
00:27:02
So even make autograph copies available on Don Junior Dotcom so you can just go literally five letters, Dot and J.R. Dotcom you and get it there for those who don't want to give Amazon the business. But if you want to do the one quick thing, I understand that as well. And unlike the left, I don't just cancel everything. I let you make up your own mind while Don Junior dot com is the website. It is a phenomenal book.
00:27:22
And Don, I know you're traveled the country a lot on behalf of your father. Last question. What do you seeing what are you hearing as far as the race? I'm seeing this race completely turned upside down. I think Joe Biden is freaking out that he's actually might be losing in some of these states. It's still a lot of time left. You and I both know that the left probably has to some surprises left. There's tons of money still to be spent and to be raised.
00:27:41
But tell us what you're feeling and seeing. You know, it really feels good. And you know me like I get it. I'm the son of a billionaire from New York City, so I'm I'm not allowed to have an opinion and I'm white privilege and all of these things. But like, you know, I that I do spend a lot of time in sort of real America, you know, and the amount of sort of Trump signs I see.
00:27:58
And again, strongholds that were former Democrat stronghold, you know, blue collar Democrat areas northeast where my farm is. I spend my weekends there. I mean, it's Trump signs everywhere, upstate New York, trump signs everywhere. You know, it's literally probably fifty to one. So there's just a lot of enthusiasm. People see a guy that's fighting for them that doesn't need this, that isn't part of the swamp. That's sort of the anti politician politician.
00:28:21
And I think they're excited about that. They're excited to have someone finally willing to fight for them to take it on to to not care what the press says and just keep going to battle every day. With that, you have Donald Trump. So this election is really breaking down. It's the swamp versus freedom. It's Marxism versus capitalism. It's socialism versus every ideal we have in America. And again, as you saw from the DNC, they don't believe we have any redeeming qualities at this point.
00:28:47
What is their vision for America? It seems like a very dark and gloomy place with a lot of rioting, burning and protesting and destruction of America. Don. Junior Dotcom, check out the book Liberal Privilege. Don, thanks so much for coming on. Everyone, go check out the book and let's get to victory. Thank you, Charlie. Good to be with you all season.
00:29:08
What a great conversation that was with Donald Trump Jr, as always. E-mail us your questions. Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. If you want to get involve a turning point, USA go right now to t.P, USA, Dotcom, that is CPUSA Dotcom, get engaged, get involved in the fight for the next generation. If you're looking for an organization to support financially, you go to USA, Dotcom Slash, donate and help us continue to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:29:31
Thank you guys so much for listening. If you want to win a signed copy of the Magna Doctrine, all you have to do is subscribe, screenshot your subscription and email us that at Freedom at Charlie Kirchen type and Charlie Kirk, show your podcast provider and as always, make sure you are subscribe freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Kirch Dotcom. Thank you guys so much for listening. God bless you. Talk to you soon.






PODCAST9)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey, everybody, happy Monday. What is what to do about big tech? How about family formation in America? I just had a really interesting conversation at the Steamboat Institute, Vail, Colorado, that I want to share with you. That is going to be exclusively aired here on the Charlie Kirk Show. We get into many different types of topics as to what is happening with the younger generation and what can we do to actually fix it. I've been barnstorming the country post the Republican National Convention.
00:00:32
We have gone from Colorado to stops in Montana, Vegas, L.A., ending in San Jacinto and then back to Phoenix. Please consider supporting our work as we barnstorm the country at Charlie Kirkconnell. Support Charlie Kakamega report. And as always, you guys can email us Freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Kirchen. Important conversation here from the Stebenne Institute. Buckle up, everybody. Here we go, Charlie.
00:00:57
What you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Cook, Charlie Cook's run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:01:26
That's why we are here.
00:01:30
All right. I'm going to I'm going to start it off here quickly with just a you take one minute and tell you a little about my college experience. So I went to a very liberal college.
00:01:39
I wrote a I wrote a paper about eight, 10 years before you were born. Right.
00:01:45
So I wrote a paper that I didn't really believe in and I thought was a fun experiment, though, a fun intellectual experiment. I wrote a defense of monarchy just for fun. And I think if I were in college now, I think I'd be afraid to write that paper just in terms of what could happen. I was the editor in chief of our schools, conservative libertarian newspaper. I ran for school, government office, and people went around writing fascist on my on my posters.
00:02:10
She's a weird thing to write about a libertarian Jew, but what are you going to do? But I don't think I don't know that I would have I didn't feel I didn't feel unsafe physically.
00:02:20
But I think if I had if I wrote now what I had written, then I might fear for my physical health.
00:02:25
And the last thing is, you know, if I had wanted to go around my college campus and talk to people about whatever back ten years before you were born, I might have had a lot of people disagree with me, but I would have been able to do it. These days, you can't actually go around on a lot of college campuses and just talk and free speech zones and things like that. I'm sure you guys will. You'll talk about.
00:02:45
And it seems to me that that universities have gone from being liberal leaning to aggressively anti intellectual and aggressively ignorant.
00:02:57
And I'm really looking forward to hear you to talking about that. Charlie Kirk, one of the most prominent young conservatives in the country today, a favorite source of President Trump's re tweets for founder and president of of Turning Point USA, which is a nationwide student organization dedicated to the important, but I think increasingly difficult task of teaching and encouraging young people to promote individual liberty, limited government and free markets. Charlie hosts the Charlie Kirk Show and is the author of The Magga Doctrine The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future, that was published earlier this year.
00:03:33
Congrats on publishing a book. Kelsey Bowler is a contributor to the Federalist. There'll be some other Federalist folks here with us this weekend into the Daily Signal, which I commend to you if you don't know about the daily signal. Excellent senior policy analyst at the Independent Women's Forum. And in 2017, shield the Tony Blankley chair for Public Policy and American Exceptionalism right here at the Steamboat Institute. Quite an honor. Congrats on that. And in suggesting that Kelsey's a little geographically confused, she and her family live in Washington, D.C. with an Australian shepherd named Utah.
00:04:08
So pick a place and stick with it. All right.
00:04:10
I'm gonna give Charlie the mike now hypodermics on the show, Chinon Kolevar. It's so great to be back at the Steamboat Institute once again, my bio does need a slight update. For those of you who I saw last year, you might remember me seven months pregnant on stage about losing my breath in this altitude. A few of you were concerned that I might pass out on stage. I was concerned myself, too. But this year I am back with my almost one year old daughter, who came not long after you both saw me.
00:04:54
So it's been quite a year for me personally for this country. We have a lot to talk about. And as I was thinking about what we want to discuss on this panel today, I was looking at the title Restoring Free Speech and Ideological Diversity on College Campuses. And this morning I was scrolling through Twitter seeing a bunch of videos of people who attended the RNC last night, including Senator Rand Paul. You were there last night to Charlie open the entire RNC in case you missed that.
00:05:28
And I saw these videos of these Trump supporters being physically attacked. And it made me realize it's not just restoring free speech on college campuses that we need to do. We need to restore peace on college campuses and beyond. And that's where I want to start this conversation off. I want to ask Charlie how much our college campuses to blame for the riots and violence that we're seeing break out today. You know, first of all, great to be with everybody.
00:05:58
Also, be back to the students to thank you, Kelsey, for the very important introduction. A lot of friends in the audience, both here and upstairs, Tom Cox, Donna the Daises, Arlen Whiteaker. So hello there. There, Marco, who's been boy, Marco was a turning point. Remember back in 2013 before we were a national student movement. So lots of friends here. So honored to be here.
00:06:20
Look, one of the things that we kind of convinced ourselves about college campuses like a couple of decades ago is we used to say they were liberal, but we never thought for whatever reason, which was kind of foolish, that the leftism would continue to spread throughout our culture.
00:06:36
We almost treated it like a nuclear spill, almost like Chernobyl, like we can wall it off. It's really bad. We have our kids put on hazmat suits and go to Brown and maybe they'll come back untouched. We hoped. But excuse us analogy, it's actually more like a virus. And what happens on a college campus doesn't stay on a college campus. It infects your entire culture. What happens on a college campus will happen in the halls of Congress and corporate boardrooms in the streets of the biggest cities in our country.
00:07:01
And what we've done, and it's probably one of the most suicidal things we've done as a civilization in a country is we've spent hundreds of billions of our own dollars in unrestricted gifts to higher education, which conservative donors, by the way, have written these massive checks to these schools. So we've taught our kids to hate Western civilization and train them to burn down everything that we love. Not to mention we kept sending these kids to these universities saying, go borrow money.
00:07:27
You don't have to study things that don't matter to find jobs that don't exist. And then people are wondering, well, where did this entire kind of revolution in our streets come from?
00:07:38
We'll just come to a college campus with me. It's only going to get worse. Like this is just the preview. This is the this is the just the precedent for what's to come.
00:07:46
This is just the commercial. And so I think we need to look at things a lot more generationally. And we haven't been in fact, we as conservatives just look at one election cycle to the other. Where is the left? 40 years ago, they realized that taking over these core institutions of higher learning, that's exactly how you destroy a fabric of a civilized society. And we're to blame. I mean, the people to blame, quite honestly, are those of us that kept sending our kids to these universities and kept sending hundreds of billions of dollars in big gifts.
00:08:15
I'm not against the idea of higher education, by the way. I love the idea of raising up kids and understanding freedom of speech and dialogue and Western civilization and history. That would be great if that was actually happening on college campuses. It's the opposite. Most young people that I deal with cannot tell you about Socrates, Plato and Aristotle or Descartes or the great thinkers that built our civilization. But they could tell you about Angela Davis. They can tell you about, you know, the most ridiculous Marxist theory that is now really infected the entire Democrat Party and with it half of the country.
00:08:47
And so, look, there's there's a lot that goes into this.
00:08:50
But I think that we there's actually some really positives that are happening right now with the virus and with higher education. I think that we're finally realizing the scam that higher education is. And I don't use that word lightly. I mean, for you, parents out there are grandparents. You're still paying tuition for your kids to go get a Zoome call and they haven't adjusted your tuition at all. I mean, that's that there's a reckoning that needs to happen in higher education right now.
00:09:13
And this is not insignificant. I mean, one of the major reasons as to why middle class incomes as far as middle class income to debt ratio has not increased over the last thirty years is higher education. You have thirty five year olds that. Are still paying off bad student loan debt where they're like, I didn't really get that many skills when I went to college, but I'm eighty thousand dollars in debt and I'm still trying to pay off the principal.
00:09:34
So it's even worse than just being infected with bad ideas. You have the erosion of middle income earning capacity because of how expensive higher education has become, where the average student loan borrower owes thirty two thousand dollars to the federal government, where the majority, 59 percent of people that go to higher education, only fifty nine percent actually graduate. That means 41 percent of kids that go to college drop out. You would not be able to run anything with a fifty nine percent success rate.
00:10:03
The St. Louis Federal Reserve I'm sorry, the New York Federal Reserve came out and they said. Forty four percent of recent college graduates, 44 percent over the last decade, are employed in professions that do not require a college degree. Forty four percent. That means only 56 percent that graduate out of the fifty nine percent that graduate are actually gainfully employed with something that required the piece of paper that they.
00:10:25
And so at some point we have to ask yourself the question, what are we doing here? Like these are the people that are burning down our country. These are the professors that are infecting your kids with the worst possible ideas imaginable. We're writing them unlimited checks at some points. We should say maybe it wouldn't be a bad thing if we had more plumbers, electricians, HVAC people, police officers, entrepreneurs and people that maybe just didn't go to college.
00:10:46
And if you want to be a lawyer, a doctor, an engineer, I totally get it. But you understand that's less than 15 percent of all kids that go to college. Like the idea we have is that most kids go to college to be specifically prepared for the marketplace, and that's just not the case. 50 plus percent of kids that go to college don't even know what their degree is going to be when they come to the university. That means they're they're almost soul searching and career searching.
00:11:08
And I say commonly, if you're going to college to find yourself, you're going to lose yourself and likely you're going to find values that create bitterness, arrogance and resentment for Western society. But I think there's actually some positives here. Kelsey and I love to get into it, which I actually think people are now realizing the financial insanity of what we've been doing here when there's been no tuition adjustment at all whatsoever for a WebEx, for Harvard or for Yale or Stanford.
00:11:33
I think it's long past time that we start asking these very tough questions.
00:11:37
Well, on that front, I want to push you a bit, because conservatives are often, myself included. We're often very hypocritical in that we are quick to criticize higher education, but we are sending our children there. And it's hard for me not to dream of sending my daughter one day to college because that's sort of the script of American success in this country. But that said, I graduated from Lafayette College, which some of you and you write in Pennsylvania, I no longer retribution.
00:12:09
I no longer contribute to Lafayette College because I have not been happy with their response just this year alone to the Black Lives Matter movement. I think it's interesting. My father went to Bates and he was donated to Bates College his entire life and recently decided not just to stop donating to Bates, but start donating to Hillsdale College, which he has absolutely no affiliation with at all. And on that front. What do you think the future of higher education looks like, or is it going to be more divided where you have more schools like Hillsdale pop out, pop up in the traditional liberal arts schools like Lafayette College really start to suffer?
00:12:51
I think it's going to be a mixture of both. It's hard to say. I mean, if I wasn't doing my day job, if I wasn't doing Turning Point USA and traveling the country and doing two podcast today and filling in for radio, the multibillion dollar opportunity right now is whoever can get this college question right. I mean, the next the next Elon Musk or Peter Thiel. Again, I would do this if I wasn't, you know, distracted, but I would know how to take it's can you educate someone in 18 months or less for an affordable dollar without the accreditation service and prove that they're actually a better applicant for future jobs?
00:13:20
If you can solve that question, parents will send their kids there, because that's the gap, right, is that parents say they need to go because they need to get the job. But corporate America is not even happy with the colleges are producing, in fact, most out of Fortune 500 CEOs, four hundred seventy three or four thousand five hundred say they give an unsatisfactory rating with the type of applicants that they're getting from higher education. So corporate America is not even happening with the with the colleges are producing.
00:13:42
Parents aren't happy with the price. So the bridge for the entrepreneur is how can I educate a kid in eighteen to twenty four months and prove to the marketplace that they're ready to enter, that they actually grow in maturity, they grow in skills, and they actually have some sort of meaning to be able to enter to get a job.
00:14:00
That's the opportunity that's already being filled by some of these technical schools. But the question is this, which is where Hillsdale is phenomenal is like how do we get these kids to actually understand the great ideas that built our civilization? Right. And so some of these colleges are embracing the reason as to why donors are affecting them. That's actually going to be a losing model for them, because most of these donors are conservatives. By the way, most of the donors to these schools are center right, reasonable people and.
00:14:25
Since they escaped higher education, they decided not to become a professor. They built a big business and then they got called by their alma mater to go write a big check. And a lot of times they do. I think that's changing. We have that program at Turning Point USA called Divest You, where we celebrate donors that actually pull their gifts from higher education. We've divested 46 million dollars in just the last month, over 15 universities across the country.
00:14:47
And our goal is a billion. And we want to celebrate donors that pull their gifts and say, I'm not going to give that money anymore to Rutgers University, where their English department says, if you use proper English, that's racist, like John, you can look it up, Rutgers English Department, or we're not going to give money anymore to universities, you know, like in Texas for Texas A&M, for example, or the university professor says that Trump supporters should be, you know, put up and assassinated or I'm paraphrasing, of course, but I mean, just the extremism you see every single day.
00:15:18
And this is exactly who's teaching your children. And so, yeah, I think that's the opportunity.
00:15:24
Right. So for parents that actually want their kids to be enlightened, I also think that we need to think more creatively and less monolithic monolithically. Like who's to say you can't take a gap year and just watch you videos and Hoover Institution, YouTube livestream, you're actually going to learn more like if I kid you not I'm autodidactic.
00:15:42
I'm self-taught. I didn't go to college. I don't expect everyone to be my path. But if a kid has discipline, if you just watch Victor Davis Hanson podcast every week and you actually internalize what he's saying and you just do the Hillsdale Online College reconstitutes, which is free, by the way, and you just watch Prager You videos and just kind of listen to Rush Limbaugh. Every once in a while, you'll be exponentially more informed than the number one Harvard graduate when it comes to government.
00:16:08
I know this because I talk to these people. I've spoken at Brown, I've spoken at Stanford. These are educated fools. They are they do not know Edmund Burke. They don't know Thomas Paine, but they do know Ida B Wells and they know Michelle Fuyuko and they know Karl Marx and they know Jean-Jacques Rousseau. I mean, they know all the awful philosophers. So what I'm taking is some of a provocative position. I totally admit it. But I think it's time that we as conservatives start thinking more creatively.
00:16:34
I think we need to think less monolithically. I think we need to start challenging institutions. And isn't that what the last four years of Donald Trump has actually taught us, is that maybe we need to actually just kind of disconnect ourselves from how we've been thinking about certain things for the last couple of years. And I think higher education is one of them, because if we stay on this current path as it is. It's not it's not just not sustainable, it's like the civilization might actually break apart.
00:16:59
So what's actually happening in our streets, I could talk about this. I think that we as conservatives talk about the cultural element quite a lot, and I just did. But we don't talk about the material element to this, which is not we as conservatives kind of shy away from this, where this huge debate going on conservatism right now versus like rights rights.
00:17:16
Right. Based conservatism and kind of more kind of fair trade. You know, more talking about I'm I'm failing to describe it correctly, but it's kind of more populist centered conservatism.
00:17:27
And I fall right in the middle of it.
00:17:28
I actually see both of it really equally.
00:17:31
And I think it's really interesting where you kind of see the young person right now that's burning down Portland. And right now we say that's because of higher education. You're right, it is. But it's not the full picture. It's also because they're 32 years old and they own nothing and they're renting and they have a degree from Portland State University. I taught them to hate America, but their net worth is negative. Sixty thousand dollars. And when all of you guys were 30 years old and you went to college, you could see your life get a little bit better year after year.
00:18:03
Right. You got a job. You could see your bank account go up, your debt go down. And you actually were invested in the system. You were working in young people right now. And you can't totally blame them for that. You can you can definitely blame them for the destruction. You can't blame them for the analysis. The system right now is not working for a 31 year old. It's not. And I'm not one to say blow up the entire system at all.
00:18:25
I think that's foolish.
00:18:27
But if we just think that just tell a 31 year old you go work harder, like that's the solution. They have no skills. You told them to go to college. They're sixty thousand dollars into debt and they rent and they don't own anything and they're not getting married. And that's the other thing I want to mention that we as conservatives don't talk about enough. We're on the verge of a population collapse in our country. There's more single 30 year olds than married 30 year olds.
00:18:49
For the first time in the history of our country, we're on pace to have 500000 less children this year than last year, 500000. I mean, just think about how just catastrophic that is, so of course, they're going to burn down your cities. They don't children. You have a family, you're less likely to do ridiculously crazy things, right? I mean, this is the most ridiculously obvious way.
00:19:11
In my RNC speech, I mentioned twice, I said the party that can communicate to young people that we're the party that's going to make it easy to have many children is going to win the youth vote for the next 20 years. I think the RNC did a really good job of that this week, actually, way better than I would have expected. It's like no longer.
00:19:29
We just like the big business party. We're now actually the family party. That's how we win, because most 28 year olds, you know, the number two reasons they give for why they don't want to get married or have kids or at least have kids, it's too expensive. And I don't want to bring kids in this chaotic world all the time. I get this answer. And so here we are talking like high taxes, low taxes like that stuff's important.
00:19:49
But if you don't actually talk to a twenty eight year old, like, I'm going to make it really easy for you to have four kids.
00:19:55
That's a winning message and we're actually doing the opposite right now, and if we don't get that answer right, what you're seeing in Portland and Kenosha is literally just a 30 second commercial. What's to come? And no wonder why they want everyone to go do weed right now. Of course they do. They want to go to stay at home and have no ambition because they don't own anything.
00:20:14
I mean, you have a whole generation that has negative net worth. And so I think if we conservatives can crack that code and of course, we decided to shut down our entire country for six months, who suffered the most?
00:20:24
Young people? It was young people that had material income gains. It's young people that had the biggest mental health declines. They had no net worth. They had no savings to rely upon. They had no country clubs to retreat to. They had no private jets to travel on. They had no gyms to exercise in. They had no sports to listen. And then we look at this. We say, what kind of country are we leaving? A 30 something?
00:20:44
And the honest answer is, we've really done an awful job the last nine months with how we shut down our country the last six months. And so I think that we as conservatives actually have an opportunity here because the left is just they're just selling misery and grievance politics. And I think we can actually have a much better world view to sell.
00:21:00
Well, I can highly endorse having children because joy in my life, I want to ask Charlie, on a scale of one to ten, how bad or how bad are college campuses right now for free speech and how much worse could it get, particularly thinking of the Black Lives Matter movement that received millions of dollars in donations this summer, despite not really being a legitimate nonprofit where they transparently tell their donors where their money is going to. And we have now not just student activists, but we have administrations, entire colleges and universities getting behind them.
00:21:40
Well, it's worse than that, Kelsey.
00:21:41
We have corporate activists. I mean, again, I want you guys to think kind of beyond just the myopic view that some people on, you know, the 30 second television shows will give. What are we supposed to expect when we keep sending these kids to Brown and then they go work at PepsiCo?
00:22:00
What you expect then? PepsiCo is going to eventually give a billion dollars to BLM, which is what they did.
00:22:07
OK, they take over the corporate boardrooms because they were all educated in the very institutions that have these awful ideas. Right. So it spreads all throughout your culture. Or BLM does a billion dollars to racial justice, right? Bank of America, YouTube does a hundred million dollars to just black content creators for BLM Inc., the entire National Basketball Association, the entire Major League Baseball. But who's the one that are getting in their ears? And who do you think works at the New York Yankees H.R. Department?
00:22:34
All the kids that just graduated from Columbia, they're the ones that are friends with these players. I get messages from these NBA players, by the way, these MLB players, they're like, I don't know what to do. The H.R. department comes in, give speeches and they're encouraging us. This is the untold story of all this kind of sports stuff that's happening right now. And so it's worse than that is that our university system has created activists all up and down the landscape of our country.
00:22:57
Right. And so how bad is freedom of speech? I mean, it's it doesn't even exist, right? I mean, I have I mean, it's some public universities. You're able to do it because of the potential legal threat that you can get. Right. And God bless President Trump for signing the executive order. We played a role in that that allowed freedom of speech on college campuses. I'd like to see that more forcibly enforced by the Department of Education.
00:23:20
But that's a different topic for different for different time. And the president displayed enormous courage for signing that executive order, which said that any university that does not allow the First Amendment will lose its federal funding, essentially took a lot of courage for him to sign that. But if I so I've spoken at all these schools, I should say all. But like every type of school you can imagine. Right. I've spoken at Stanford Brown, Yale CEO, Boulder, Colorado State, UT Austin, Texas State University of Florida.
00:23:45
I've spoken at more campuses than anyone else in the last five years in the conservative movement. I'm not able to go on campus. That armed security that's just there is a physical threat to anyone that dares to espouse these ideas. Right. So that not alone should just give us pause. Like, what kind of place is this? Right. Like this is where we're sending our kids and our money, where I talk about the Constitution, the first principles and, you know, the Christian ethic.
00:24:08
And I I need enough armed security to go launch a coup in Nicaragua.
00:24:14
It's like I had helicopters before.
00:24:15
Seriously, snipers at the University of Central Florida. That should just take pause. Like, that's not that's not right. OK, the second thing is this, is that when it comes to freedom of speech, this is the deeper, more philosophical take away.
00:24:29
If you actually read these people's literature, if you read Michelle Fuyuko, if you read Jacques Derrida, which are these postmodernists thinkers from the nineteen sixties, that it has infected the entire academy, they do believe that dialogue is a problem.
00:24:43
So this is not a mistake. This is a strategy. It's a tactic that freedom of speech for us is a moral fight. Right. But we actually don't dive into the utility. And fight of free speech, that's actually a good thing to be able to have good ideas win, right? We say it's moral for every idea to be heard because we believe in the dignity of human beings. We believe in a marketplace of ideas. But if you eliminate freedom of speech, then all of a sudden tyranny has to exist after that.
00:25:11
It's just actually a really obvious next conclusion. Right. So if I'm not allowed to say something, then the person with the bigger stick wins, the person with the gun wins. But person generally has really bad ideas.
00:25:25
And so what we've allowed happen at university campuses is our kids to believe that dialogue, exchanging ideas is an instrument of white tyranny. OK, so they think having a conversation. Means that white people continue to control our country. This is why BLM Inc., it was so effective, because all of your children and your grandchildren through social media and propagandized to believe that white people are the enemy of our country. What's the inverse of that BLM right there? The solution there, the hero to the villain, a society that we live in.
00:26:01
And I know it might've been really confusing for you to watch for, but for me, it was like I'm watching the story unfold that I've seen written beforehand. For those of us that understand the left, it made perfect sense.
00:26:11
So, look, there's some schools that are better than others, but generally they think if this is what I always say, if they had a button where they could shut us all up and wipe us off the face of the earth, they would push that button.
00:26:22
If we had that button for the left, we would not push that button. We just want to talk to them and maybe persuade them like they consider us an obstacle. We consider them an opportunity.
00:26:32
So the last panel you heard about China's national security law and interestingly enough, this is impacting Chinese students and Hong Kong students who are studying at college and universities in the US and Harvard and Princeton, for example, are growing very concerned that this law could put those students in danger. And so they are taking steps to protect those students by making certain parts of the class anonymous and so forth. And I I saw quite a double standard there. An irony that Harvard and Princeton are willing to go out of their way to protect the free speech and physical safety of Chinese students and Hong Kong students.
00:27:22
But yet, when it comes to bringing provocative speakers onto college campuses who are conservatives, a lot of times you have to hire your own private security. That's that's exactly what we have to do.
00:27:32
And so it's a great point. Look, one of the other learning moments for all of us, and I encourage you to go to our website. We're the only organization that has done this, China on campus, dotcom, China on campus, dotcom.
00:27:42
Go look at how many of your universities that you might give money to. You send your kids to that have Confucius Institutes on them that have, you know, the Confucius Institute is I don't know if they mentioned the previous panel, which was terrific, by the way, which is Chinese Communist Party military funded institutions on our U.S. campuses. There's over 70 of them. We've successfully helped close, 50 of them across the country. They're still 70, seven zero.
00:28:06
China on campus dotcom, Christopher Wray and his FBI confirmation testimony said this is the number one domestic threat against our country, the Confucius Institutes on our campuses, they have server rooms. They spy on students. They use information sharing technology. And these are just military camps basically on our university campuses. Don't take my word for it. Christopher Reeve's word for it, Federal Bureau of Investigation.
00:28:28
And so what's been amazing to me as a learning experience is how how higher education panders to the Islamist Islamists, the Chinese Communist Party. And yet they hate conservatives much more than they hate the CCP and they hate the government of Iran. It's actually been incredible. I mean, a lot of these universities take money straight from Iran, straight from the Brotherhood for Islamic studies, immersion institutes. They take money straight from the CCP. But the second that a conservative wants to come talk about the Constitution, which you call me provocative, I mean, I guess I'm provocative.
00:29:03
I don't think I am. I just think I'm honest. That's like me. Go figure that out. But as soon as I want to come show up, it's absolute bedlam, right? It's riots. It's windows being smashed. It is police officers everywhere. You know, the whole university has to shut down.
00:29:21
And so that also should ask our question, like, what kind of kids are we creating for the world? And that we're creating students that actually become less mature after four years when they go to university campuses. And I actually make this argument all the time.
00:29:32
And again, I use this as a generalization because there's plenty of good kids that go to university and they they survive and they do quite fine. But a high school senior is far more mature than a college senior, like it's not even close. Why is that to be on their parents? That's why they have to be around someone to hold him accountable. In college, it's the exact opposite, they typically gain weight, they indulge in the worst things a human being can indulge in.
00:29:55
There's no supervisor. They learn nonsensical ideas. In fact, they're encouraged by their professors to go do that. That you become your own God. Atheism is a very quickly growing religion on college campuses, and it's almost like indulging in this secular, hedonistic lifestyle. And then we wonder why our kids are so miserable. We wonder why the CDC came out and said one out of four kids contemplated suicide in the last 90 days. One of the four, right, we wonder why antidepressants have multiplied by a multiple of four over the last 90 days for kids under the age of twenty five.
00:30:28
Why marijuana usage has doubled, cocaine usage, alcoholism, all four kids under the age of 30. Well, I think we've covered some of that. But there's a crisis happening with young people in this country, and I hope I'm communicating and conveying it. And again, this is going to transcend political lines. If a young person does not believe they are materially invested in the country they live in, you will experience a French or Russian revolution that will make Portland look like nothing.
00:30:57
And it will be kids that call themselves conservatives that will not engage in it, too.
00:31:01
And I'm Tucker Carlson has been on this phenomenally. You have to have young people, I believe, in the system or else they're going to blow everything up and I don't support it. I'm just telling you how it is.
00:31:15
We're receiving lots of good questions, so keep them coming in. On that note, I want to ask one more of my questions before moving on to these. And that is about Turning Point USA. You guys do an excellent job, exciting the base and debating on college campuses. And I follow you on Instagram, the meme wars. You guys have that down. What is your strategy for winning over sort of the moderate middle that may be the meems?
00:31:44
Well, that's a fair question.
00:31:46
By the way, is great work to sell through it. You the daily signal. It's terrific. Look, we.
00:31:53
I have found through what we do and, you know, doing two podcasts a day and visiting a lot of campuses, it's an interesting strategy because first, our first and foremost. Objective is to get kids that are center right and conservative, to be excited, to be proud, that they're conservative, to be unafraid to speak out. That's a really big challenge and I think we've done a good job of that.
00:32:15
I would have had a different answer five years ago, and I've I believe this more than ever before. I actually think that we win more young people over by not compromising on our views and actually being better at explaining them than going to the mushy middle.
00:32:33
And so I'll give you a great example, you know, there are five Wannsee, four organization turning point action. We run Students for Trump, we have five hundred students for Trump chapters across the country. We hosted the president in June. We had three thousand six hundred students show up in the midst of a pandemic, 107 degrees outside in Phoenix, Arizona. Joe Biden couldn't do that with young people, regardless of what was going on.
00:32:55
Mitt Romney, at his absolute peak, had 80 students for Romney chapters. Right. And so Romney was always trying to be more moderate. Right. We've seen Romney's true colors. Right. He hates America so much he can't even admit that Donald Trump's doing something good. Mitt Romney is the worst Republican Party, by the way. He is an absolute dishonest human being, a nothing good to say about that total and complete fraud. He asked for the president's endorsement.
00:33:22
Begged him for his endorsement for the Senate race and then votes for his impeachment and calls him the worst things you can call him the day before he gets sworn in the Senate, that is that is just so unethical anyway. So I have to say that. So I know some people are here from Utah.
00:33:36
Sorry. So Mitt Romney goes to the middle and we actually lost young people that way. Like we actually I think we win young people and all people. That is by saying, here's what we stand for, rooted in truth. I'm going to explain it to you and I'm going be very convicted and courageous.
00:33:53
And I actually think that's a very effective way to go about it. And I think the Trump movement has showed us that more young people support Trump than the media would have you believe. A lot of young people hate Trump, to be totally honest about that. That's perfectly clear by what you watch on television. But Trump will do better than he did in 16. He'll do better than he did than Romney did in 12, in McCain in 08 with younger voters because he's convicted and he stands for something and he's unapologetic to talk about issues that actually affect people.
00:34:20
And so when I talk to people in the middle, I actually I have a rule not to pander.
00:34:25
So like what I say here is exactly what I say on a college campus, which is kind of breaks kind of the conservatism playbook, which is like be something different everywhere you are. That's like the last 20 year playbook. Right. I go to young people and try to know I'm actually going to talk about exactly what I say out there. And then I think we win more people that way because they're actually honest. Right. But people in the middle generally, they want the issues that when young people in the middle are the idea of canceling culture.
00:34:53
Super pleased that the president mentioned this in his speech last night. And look, the activist media, they're so incredibly dishonest. But what you saw last night and I was there, it was so good. The whole evening was gorgeous and beautiful was a really significant political realignment. And again, the activist media, this is actually an interesting thing to talk about. Like the Democrats are now the party of endless foreign wars. They're now the party of like corporate America and rich people.
00:35:18
And like the Republican Party is now the party of working people, the party of ending foreign wars, the party of family creation, and the party of religious expression and free speech. Like how did that happen? Like eight years ago? You guys bleep half of that stuff as Democrats like. That's really significant, right? That's an interesting thing. And that's actually how we're going to win more young people.
00:35:37
Young people are tired of these foreign entanglements overseas. President Trump is ending them. Young people love the idea of being able to speak your mind regardless of what it is about. Fear of retribution, 71 percent of young people believe are fearful that they will lose their job, get graded differently and could get kicked out of school if they dare say things. One thing that is contrary to the political orthodoxy. So now that President Trump is bragging publicly in front of thirty million people last night that he's the ambassador of freedom of speech and ending foreign wars, that'll win more young people than any sort of like Republican outreach strategy will about corporate tax cuts.
00:36:10
OK, because those things actually matter. It's like, yeah, I'm actually tired of invading these foreign countries while our our country, our generation can't even have children. Like, that's probably not a good thing. And then the freedom of speech issue is massive. So, look, also a couple of things. The life issue is a winning issue for young people. Don't let anyone tell you differently the pro-life issue. This is the most pro-life generation in American history.
00:36:32
I don't know the numbers you would know the better. You literally do this for a living, but I think it's like fifty six. Fifty eight percent of young people in battleground states are very pro-life, like very pro-life. And I was so proud to see the president embrace that. And look, the left, they are selling grievance politics. The one thing that we as conservatives struggle with is a good answer on the environment. It is a very top tier issue for them.
00:36:52
I think there's a lot of misunderstanding on under it. I'm generally kind of very dismissive of it just because I think that it's very rooted in alarmism. But I think we need a better answer, to be honest with you.
00:37:03
But the top three issues for young people are this. Am I going to be able to live a meaningful life in this country? No one like that's it. It's jobs. Family creation. Number two is the environment, some around it. Number three is freedom of speech and expression of ideas.
00:37:16
We're really good on two of those three issues.
00:37:18
Well, you just gave me the opportunity to give a plug to the organization my husband works for called ClearPath. And they add they are a conservative organization that advocates for conservative clean energy policies. And they really are turning around the message, working with a lot of Republican lawmakers on this issue. And I think it's a total farce to assume that conservatives don't care about the environment. The very root of conservatism is to conserve. We just are smart enough to recognize that banning plastic straws isn't going to be the answer on that front.
00:37:54
No, and I kid you not. Environment is a top three issue for voters under 35, and we are doing awful. And that does mean have to embrace the Green New Deal. Right. But maybe we should brag about Teddy Roosevelt once in a while, like all these national parks, I think to a Republican president like that would be nice. Instead, it's like, oh, we just want to drill everywhere. Like, I agree. I love oil and gas exploration.
00:38:13
I'm a huge fan of pipelining, huge fan of fracking, all those sorts of things. But if we don't get a good answer on the environment, they're going to destroy all those industries. Like, that's the. Playbook and is just a top tier issue for young people, I think we have to get better at answering that. I'm on it.
00:38:29
All right. Well, I'm going to some of our questions from audience members. One of them wants to know, are there any Democrats or progressives you respect or find worth dialoguing with?
00:38:39
See, like a lot of them don't believe in dialogue. So that's tough, as I just mentioned. But I will say this. I mean, as long as we're being honest and with where the Republicans get things wrong, I can tell you where I think Bernie Sanders, AOC Linamar and Rasheeda Talibe get something correct that we get wrong. And that's that's the money and politics issue. I've seen it up close and personal. I think we as Republicans are on the wrong side of this issue.
00:39:04
I think how we finance our elections is a problem.
00:39:07
It's whatever lobbyist has the closest access to the candidate. It's whoever gives the most contribution, gets the legislative earmark. And the fact that AOC does not take money from registered lobbyists is actually worthy of praise. She doesn't. She rejects it. No.
00:39:23
Only one Republican, Matt Gates, has made that pledge. And so part of it is because they have a better small dollar giving mechanism. Just to be honest, some of what Republicans would do this if they could raise the equivalent money. Right. But they are more invested in small dollar donor given. We have to do a better job of building durable multimillion members, small dollar giving communities so our members can say, I'm not going to take money from lobbyists that represent foreign countries.
00:39:51
Right. So a lot of our Republicans are taking money from lobbyists that are registered to lobby for literally a foreign country. And so the you guys all know how big of an influence lobbyists have in DC. A lot of you have seen it. If we're honest ourselves, that's not that's one of the reasons why we haven't gotten school choice done. Like we love school choice. We talk about all the time. Right.
00:40:12
Well, because the teacher unions have an immensely powerful lobby. It's one of the reasons why we have an to get price transparency done or hospital hospital pricing done. It's because these are the biggest lobbies in DC. And so I think that we're dialoguing with the bitter anti-American Alexandria cogito Cortez. I mean, if she'll talk to me, I'll talk to anybody. I really believe that. And I'll do do I think we should publicly finance elections? No, I think that's probably too far.
00:40:37
But I think that I think that if you're federally registered as a lobbyist, it should be illegal to give money to a camp candidate. I mean, that should be one of the obvious, most obvious things we should talk about. Right. Like if you're registered to lobby for a corporation and then you give money that you're not giving money, that candidate, because you're inspired by that candidate. Right. Like you guys give money to candidates because you're moved by their worldview and their vision.
00:40:58
Right. So I think that's that's something that I think actually could be a big bridge. And then I respect I actually lost a lot of respect for Bernie Sanders because of how nice he's been to Joe Biden. I mean, they philosophically don't agree he's the worst loser I've ever seen in my life. I mean, every time Bernie Sanders has a video, it feels like he's being held hostage, like he has to give it, like it's the lighting is all weird.
00:41:21
And he's like, I really loved you. You don't love Joe Biden. You you hate Biden more than you hate Trump, at least at least Trump is good on trade and good on war and cares about the middle class. Biden doesn't care about any of those things.
00:41:32
So, look, any leftist that wants to talk to me, I'll have a conversation with. But if I were to say one big take away the money in politics issue, whatever party demonstrates movement on the money and politics issue will win the next generation because most young people. Ninety two percent of young people believe the political system is rotten to the core and does not represent us. That's the number one issue that no one wants to talk about. See, when people talk like the biggest issues, when you leave off money in politics or government ethics, all these things there, when it's on there, it's almost always the number one issue.
00:42:04
It is the issue that affects all the other issues. Right. And so I think we got to get on the right side of that.
00:42:09
Now, their audience member wants to know, do you believe there is racism or oppression in the US today? Of course.
00:42:17
I mean, of course there's racists. Of course there is racism. I mean, it's like saying, do I believe there is sin in the country? I mean, racism is a sin. Of course. I believe it's like saying, do I believe there's murder and adultery? Of course I do. Do I believe that we as a nation are systemically racist country? No, that is one of the greatest lies ever told about the greatest country ever to exist in the history of the world.
00:42:35
In fact, it's the opposite. It's Orwellian. It's not even a lie. It's the opposite of the truth. We're the least racist, multiracial country ever to exist in the history of the world. If we were so racist, why is it that two million Africans came to our country in the last since 1980 voluntarily? Why is it there's a waiting list in our country of thirty million people from African and Southeast Asian nations to come to America? No.
00:42:58
And if you actually just take African-Americans in our country or blacks in our country, they're the 18th wealthiest country in the world. If you just take them as a country, just the income and net worth of all the blacks in this country. And this idea about policing, when you'll hear from Heather McDonald tonight, she does it much better than I will. But this idea that police are the enemy of blacks, it's not again, it's not a lie.
00:43:18
It's the opposite of it's the opposite of the truth. Where is. Actually, the more police, the more black people are able to live, it's police that save black lives. And while we're about where we're talking about like policing in America, a police officer is 18 and a half times more likely to be shot by a black person than an unarmed black person is to be shot by a police officer. Black people comprise 60 percent of all the police killings in this country.
00:43:43
So if we can have a conversation about crime, a black person walking down the street to Chicago is exponentially more likely to be shot by another black person than by a police officer. And this cherry picking of evidence like, oh, the Kenosha example, OK, I'm not justifying a police officer shooting someone in the black back seven times, but let's talk about the situation. His girlfriend called the police on him because there was a restraining order against him.
00:44:09
They tried to arrest him with a Taser and he resisted arrest because he was so allegedly high on either methamphetamines or cocaine that he didn't feel the taser. Right. So put the Taser on him, didn't even want it, then runs to his car to go grab a lethal weapon. Ask any police officer in the country. They're just as worried about knives as they are about guns. In fact, some are more worried about razors and nodular about guns.
00:44:29
They slit your throat in an instance, and so they shot him in the back.
00:44:33
Not saying that's the right thing, though. There's a trial for that. But this idea that Jacob Blake was just sitting in his car and the police said that's a black guy want to kill today and came up and shot him in the head. And that's the way the media is making it seem, is that sinister and brutal lie. And they're insulting our country and they're dividing us at our core. They're bringing us back to our tribal lines. This is how you destroy Western society, is bring us back by dividing people based on their skin color.
00:44:56
It's reprehensible. And I've spoken out against BLM Inc. as an insurrectionist terrorist organization, which is what they are. They're Marxists. They want to destroy the family, abolish prisons, abolish the police. And this idea that we're a racist country must be refuted at the very instant it is spoken.
00:45:12
It can't. It is one of the most important conversations happening in America today.
00:45:16
I know it's four fifteen and you all are ready for your break, but I was given permission I could go for. No, I was going to go a couple minutes over. So let me do one more question from here. I talk for a then and then I want to end on one more circling back to the issue of free speech on college campuses. But let's see if I can combine two into one. Do you think President Trump is on the right track?
00:45:42
And Charlie, do you think you'll ever run for office?
00:45:45
I get that question a lot. Look to the second one. I'm twenty six years old. I love it. I get to do I do to podcast today.
00:45:53
I've literally started an organization from nothing. I see it impacting lives. So, look, I the answer is I'm going to keep doing what I'm doing. So the first thing is this with President Trump, super is a really moving week for me because I was able to open the convention.
00:46:07
I was able to be there for when the president closed the convention. And I aptly called him the bodyguard of Western civilization in my remarks.
00:46:14
And the media lost it like it was perfect.
00:46:18
I was like, yes, well intended effect. Because, look, that's what he is, though. And I like the imagery of a bodyguard. You know why? Because when you hire a bodyguard, you really don't care about the tweets he sent out earlier in the afternoon. When you hire a bodyguard, you want him to be able to fight, want him to be good at it, too. And you want him to win. I love that image of a bodyguard because brutish.
00:46:41
But it's also, you know, where his loyalties lie. Right? So I just I thought it was perfect and that's why I said it. I'll triple down on it.
00:46:48
So the media is like, how dare you like the worst thing ever? I think they are more worried about the Western civilization than the bodyguard descriptions. They hate the West. But look, the president deserves a lot of credit here because in early July, I wasn't one of these people. People were saying it's inevitable that Biden was going to become president and the president was down double digits. And a lot of these tracking polls and a lot of the key battleground states.
00:47:09
And the president then realized he had to win the covid primary. He had to win the Chinese coronavirus primary. He had to get he had to get death and hospitalization rates down. And look at the numbers today. There are a lot better everybody there down 30, 40 percent in Arizona, Texas and Florida. It's not where they should be yet, but they're trending in the right direction. Joe Biden may have bad bets. Joe Biden made a bet that this is going to be chaos, endlessly straight to the election.
00:47:35
I'd have to leave my basement. We're going to wear masks when we shower and I'm going to become president. Right. It's basically to bet that he made and now, like, all of a sudden.
00:47:45
The virus rates are going down, the riots are the number one issue in the key battleground states, which are my people in the Midwest, right. I grew up in northern Illinois. I know the people in Kenosha, Wisconsin. I can tell you right now, if the election were held today, Trump wins Wisconsin by 10 points. OK, and I'll say that lightly.
00:48:00
Every person I know in Wisconsin is like Trump, Trump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump. And now Trafalgar, which is a center right polling firm, but they got the presidential race perfectly in 2016, has Trump up one in Michigan.
00:48:14
Has Trump tied in Pennsylvania as Trump to Minnesota and has Trump tied in Florida, this race that seemed inevitably like deficient for Trump is all of a sudden the trends are all in his favor. And now the number, the number one, two and three issue in America, maybe the virus, but it's riots, it's safety. And who are we as a country for a party that I criticized quite a lot, the Republican Party, they blew me away this week at the convention.
00:48:40
They did an unbelievable job and they deserve credit for that, Tony.
00:48:44
My friends that produced that convention, I mean, I was getting emotional watching. It was a celebration of our country, anticipate a huge polling boost. The issue is going to be this for the Trump campaign. Can they play with a lead? I'm telling you right now, there will be polls the next week and a half that show Trump in certain polls. I actually think they're better playing from behind players.
00:49:02
If they can figure out how to play with a lead, he's going to get four more years.
00:49:06
All right. Well, ending this fabulous discussion, I want to circle back to the issue of free speech and honestly protecting peace on college campuses. And this conference is filled with parents, grandparents and also students who are in the thick of it as we speak. What is your practical advice for those who can't wait 10 years for these transformations that we hope for and need to be a part of for higher education? What is your practical advice for them now for such a.
00:49:40
Thank you again for having me. And Jennifer, you're amazing. And thank you to the accounts for having me deeply appreciate it.
00:49:47
Look, practical advice is that stop giving money to your alma mater. Unless you went to Hillsdale, please seriously cut them off. It's that simple, and especially if you're your alma mater has multibillion dollar endowments.
00:49:58
I mean, just look at the fruit that they're producing. Look at the people in New York City, two of them, two lawyers, one that went to Princeton, I think I see a Princeton shirt there. It could be mistaken. I always have to single out the Princeton individual, one that went to Fordham when I went to Princeton, when I went to Fordham and they threw Molotov cocktails at police officers.
00:50:20
You have to ask yourself what class in the Woodrow Wilson School of Government like it put them on their path, were that I mean, one that went to Ford within the prison.
00:50:28
And so please stop giving money to alma maters police. And then the other thing is this. Here's one challenge for you, for young people. Right. Start from the default position. That your 17 year old doesn't have to go to college and then have them make the argument that they do. If that's not the way that you're viewing college, you're viewing it wrong, if it is, they have to go and have to prove that not to go.
00:50:51
I believe that's an incorrect analysis. I'm not saying they shouldn't go.
00:50:54
Just make the argument up to it, say, OK, borrowing 80000 dollars, traveling to another state for four years, that's worth it for me to go through that argument. No different than buying a home or buying a car would be start from the default position that I'm not going because you don't have to go. Don't that's the other thing is please be more accepting to anyone in your system where it's not, hey, where are you going? To college.
00:51:21
Why are you going to college and demand better answers? I implore you and be OK with kids that take gap years that become entrepreneurs. I guarantee you this. If a kid took the if a student took the equivalent of going to Princeton for four years is about two hundred and forty thousand dollars, if you count room and board and travel and invested in moderate stocks for four years and just watch Prager, you and the Hoover Institution, who's going to be better after four years?
00:51:51
Think about that, that two hundred and forty thousand thanks to Trump, would be probably three hundred and twenty three hundred thirty thousand beautifully matured. He would love Western civilization and he probably would have a little bit more motivation. That's a thought exercise for you, isn't it? Go start a business.
00:52:07
Go do anything. You just put the money in a money market account. It still be there and you have no debt. You're not to repay anything. What we are doing is so financially foolish for the next generation and culturally troublesome. I encourage you to think more creatively and less monolithically. The final thing is this. Like I say, one more thing. For young people to have young children, just take the education of your young children so seriously.
00:52:31
I'm talking about five, six, seven and eight year olds. How do you do that? Get them excited about the founders of our country, get them defensive of Theodore Roosevelt, of Thomas Jefferson, of George Washington, make them think of those people as heroes, because one day they're going to have to defend them. And if they're not ready to do that. They will be susceptible to the left, and if you have the financial means to do so, homeschool your kids.
00:52:58
Please do not trust your kids to the state or to private schools that are very infected. Do you think that homeschooling is too difficult? You might be right. It is hard. But Hillsdale, other schools have great resources to do that. I think we have to double the homeschooling population in the next five years, double it. And for you out there that are looking for a calling, maybe there's a homeschooling parent that could use your 40 years of wisdom and maybe you could stop by their house every day at eight a.m. to go homeschool five families.
00:53:24
I think we as conservatives need to create better networks of homeschooling communities where some of the most accomplished business minds here at this institute would if all of you guys chipped in to a homeschool co-op just this next year, because that's happening all across the country. So those are some actionable items. The final thing is this. Please treat this election as the most important election since 1860, because it is if they win, they're coming after all of us. They will punish us.
00:53:48
They will penalize us, they will imprison us, and they will destroy this country. I am not overexaggerating I know who we're dealing with here. So take this election very seriously. And God bless you guys. Thank you.
00:54:01
Thanks so much for listening, everybody, please listen to our sister episode, right, take your questions and please consider supporting us at Charlie Kirkham Report if you guys want to get involved. Turning Point USA, go to USA, Dotcom, t.P, USA, dot com, get engaged, get involved with turning point USA at USA, Dotcom. And if you guys want to win a signed copy of the New York Times best seller, the Magna Doctrine, type in Charlie Keryx or your podcast provider hit subscribe, give us a five star review, screenshot it and email us to Freedom at Charlie Dotcom.
00:54:29
Freedom at Charlie Kirch Dotcom.



PODCAST10)
00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on our podcast podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey, everybody, happy Saturday. What a big week. I am excited to share with you a phenomenal conversation I had with Pastor David Engelhart from King's Church in New York City. We talk about WOAK Christianity, what's going on right now in America's churches and so much more.
00:00:25
This Saturday episode of The Charlie Kirk Show is brought to you commercial free by those of you that support us at Charlie Kirk Dotcom support, Charlie Kirk dotcom slash report where you guys can help support our production team, help support this effort on the Charlie Kirk show. Pastor David Engelhart is here. Everybody buckle up. Here we go.
00:00:44
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Kirk is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Company, Charlie Kirk's run in the White House.
00:00:53
But I want to thank Charlie's an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country. That's why we are here. Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of The Charlie Cook Show, super thrilled to have with me David Engelhart in the belly of the beast, you could say in New York City, fighting for Christianity.
00:01:27
His church is scheduled to open very, very soon. And David, welcome to the Charlie Kirk Show. Tell us little about what you've been going through. And then I want to dive into just some of the kind of, let's say, more interesting topics of WOAK Christianity. Welcome to The Charlie Kirk Show.
00:01:44
Thanks, Charlie. Appreciate you having me on. Certainly an honor to be here. Absolutely loved your speech at the RNC. Thank you. Especially the the the statement Trump is really being a defender of Western civilization. And we know Christianity is a central part of that. And so, man, I'm just so encouraged by what you're doing through Turning Point and really was encouraged by your your speech. So me, I'm a I'm a New York City lawyer, pastor.
00:02:10
I pastored for I was in ministry for about ten years before I went to law school. And I have a law practice here in the Trump building on Wall Street. And I have a church just a few blocks away, church plant that is just a couple of years new. And so we've been living this life that is both engaged in culture and also engaged in faith and attempting to bring our faith into culture in a significant way, which is why thematically, our church is called King's Church, because we believe that we don't just have a priestly role like the Sunday morning.
00:02:42
I'm praying, you know, I'm doing all of those things are essential and important. But there's also a kingly role to engage in culture, to be sold in life, as Jesus called us to, and not hide our Christianity just in private, because we know Christ was a public figure. He wasn't a private figure. He was a fact. He's resurrections a fact. And to bring all of those things and encourage people to do to speak about that like you've been really doing, frankly, over the last couple of years, really encouraging Christian and I know me and a lot of my pastor friends have been emboldened by your encouragement even over the past few months.
00:03:17
So I appreciate that to you.
00:03:19
Thank you. So you have some opinions and some perspective on Christianity when it comes to BLM Inc., a lot of the biggest churches in New York City. I'm not going to say any names. They have been embracing BLM Inc. They've been mobilizing their congregation towards that. It's not just New York City. It's all across the country. Do you think that what BLM is espousing, do you think that's consistent with Christian theology? Let me answer that two ways.
00:03:45
The first way is let me just say that I just think it's honorable that you wouldn't call out churches specific or pastors specific. Right, because we have this kind of hierarchical thing in Christianity where if you're not a pastor, you don't call out pastors. But we have the opposite in Galatians chapter one, two, three. That that Peter Paul says to Peter, listen, I'm going to specifically call you out for publicly disparaging the truth. And actually, if you read the book of Galatians, what Paul is doing is saying you're creating divisions in the body of Christ right now.
00:04:19
You're saying there's this one cast, the Jewish people, and that's kind of a higher caste. And then you have this lower caste. That's what I see is happening with the Black Lives Matter movement, is they're literally creating a new caste system. And there are certain acts that you do that are acts of penitence or acts of sanctification. They're symbolic acts that make you righteous according to a secular model model, an educational model. And that's been picked up by all kinds of churches in New York City, Hillsong and all of these kind of four corner churches.
00:04:51
And you have pastors like Coraline's literally saying that the Church of Jesus Christ is one of the greatest propagators of racism in the United States. He said it last week in public. Now, I don't want to I don't want to call out the private sin of an individual. We don't do that. But when you're publicly saying that the Church of Jesus Christ is one of the greatest propagated racism, it's just fundamentally flawed. I mean, it is the church that instigated the abolition movement.
00:05:17
It is the church that is the reconciliation factor of the world. And this is the kind of craziness that Paul was going really if you regulations ballistic about because he was seeing this massive division and the body of Christ. Yeah. I mean, listen, destruction of a nuclear family, right? Throw all of sexual progressivism really anti-Western. How can any of those precepts be pro Christianity? I just it's it's maddening. Yeah.
00:05:46
It's just I had to look it up myself that I was just picking up my phone really quick. And I'm going to text Carl and I'm going to I'm going to just call him out and say, this is pathologically untrue. I try to do these things privately and I am not a minister. I'm not a pastor. So I just call out these pastors that and I don't want to say I know what drives them, but I can suspect some of them.
00:06:06
They're part of this whole kind of feel good Christianity, kind of comfortable Christianity kind of posture. I want to applaud you for standing out against this. And I know there's a cost to that, but you'll be rewarded richly and otherwise, both now and in the future. But what I find to be really troubling is how theologically just baseless it is to even folk. First of all, the church has been the ambassador for goodness and the creator of Western civilization.
00:06:33
The idea of E Pluribus Unum, Liberty, who is the liberty giver? God Christ, the entire civilization we live in that has been created around the idea of natural rights is from the Bible. And so for a pastor to say something like that is just so incredibly, pathologically untrue. It's hard to even be able to have that as a starting point. Additionally, where where exactly?
00:06:55
I want to find the scripture and the verse that they think that we should start valuing people based on the color of their skin, which is exactly the opening argument of BLM, is that skin color matters more than action, worldview, values or any sort of spiritual, let's say, spiritual viewpoint. What is your perspective on that?
00:07:16
Yeah, I think it's a great question. Listen, the fundamental precept that they have, they have adopted and I don't even know that they know that they've adopted it. Listen, you hang when you hang out with your with a certain sect of people, you start to adopt their ideas, whether or not they've been expressly educated in those ideas. I don't even know if they know that. But when they say publicly that we need to treat covid like we need to create racism like covid, we need to assume that everyone has it.
00:07:46
This is what Paul said last week. We need to treat racism like covid in church, Charlie. Not not secular people. People in church. Listen, Second Corinthians, Chapter five says this. We are to regard no one as according to the flesh anymore. We all know the second scripture, which is famous because we're a new creation in Christ Jesus. So fundamentally, they're saying we're actually called to regard you not according to the spirit, but according not to occurrence in, but a sin that is one hundred and fifty years down the line.
00:08:18
I don't know about you, but my grandparents came here. My grandfather was a cop and a beat cop in New York City. They came here after the Civil War. Right. But you're still implicated.
00:08:28
Well, here's here's what's even more troubling. And again, this doesn't make me a good person. I want to be very clear, but this idea of institutional sin is awful. But it's also just so imprecise. My family and again, I'm not saying this is like, oh, I'm such a good person because because I'm a different individual. The. But my family fought in the American Civil War on the union side, so what kind of racism and intergenerational racists am I supposed to be burdening?
00:08:51
By the way? I say this is saying that does not necessarily give me a free pass to all of a sudden say I'm allowed to do what I want to do. No, every individual is their own vessel in the eyes of God. Right. This idea of intergenerational sin is against everything the Christian doctrine stands for. Right. Right. And this is this is it's interesting because Christ said this.
00:09:14
His teaching will turn father against son. Right. What does that really mean? What's the deeper meaning there? Is that just because you're blood related to somebody does not mean that you can save your son for you or you can save your father. Right. You have to have your own individual self salvation journey or admission of Christ being the savior of the world in your own personal savior. Your family members can't do that for you. That seems to be lost, that we are now kind of getting back to this idea that, quite honestly predated Christ of a caste system.
00:09:47
Who you are is not actually how you act. It doesn't matter about your world, your your spirituality, but it's the color of your skin. This is 5000 years old.
00:09:56
Tribalism, right? Yeah. Listen, there's a scripture in the Old Testament says in the New Covenant, it's a prophecy, referring to our our now state in Christ, in Christendom, the fathers who eat sour grapes, their sons shall not be their sons. Teeth shall not be set on edge. Now, if you grew up in the country like I did and you ate like a sour piece of fruit or, you know, you've had done it for, there's that like gritty edge, weird tea that you think and you get under your teeth.
00:10:22
The prophecy about the new covenant that we live in is literally the opposite of this systemic racism thing that you live under the blanket of racism. And it's not just Hillsong. It's the evangelical church is getting these marching orders from people that have separated themselves from the scripture and taken on this new ideology. And this is so crazy. And so watching this video by this lady doctor, Anita Phillips, and she said, you know, I tried to figure out Black Lives Matter plus evangelicalism.
00:10:53
How am I going to figure this out? She said, and I and the Lord said to me, step away from your scripture, step back from the Bible. And then I discovered, first of all, you're like, OK, you're you're already dancing in a land of heresy. Let's hear what you discovered. I discovered that there were these Nordic tribes and there was this God that made them and now he judges them. And that's why Christians are white.
00:11:15
Christians are so judgmental. And then I discovered this African tribe and the God came down and lived with the African people and gave them all of the things they need. And he was communally with them. Then this is how I discovered what black people understand. Black Lives Matter and white people are so judgmental, says this. This lady, Dr. Anita Phillips, that Christine Cain, who frankly is one of the most popular female speakers in evangelicalism, hosted.
00:11:41
There is a ton of people in my church. Listen, my my mom called me and she was like, I'm really confused by this. So I listen to the hour and a half message and it's not until an hour and 10 in Charlie that she says the answer was to step away from the scripture.
00:11:55
Exactly. Yeah. Look, our epistemology is founded in the scripture. Our ontology, our literal being is founded in the scripture. We don't find it from academia. Besides the fact how incredibly shallow it is to say I took the thousand, you know, polytheistic religions and I decided that this one that's listen, it's communism, the God that comes down is with you communally and then just gives you everything you need. How is that not just communism wrapped up in some kind of strange pseudo religion?
00:12:27
If you go extra scriptural to try to find religious or spiritual meaning, you inevitably will go in one or two ways. You'll be confused.
00:12:34
Then you go on a state of chaos because scripture order, scripture is truth, or you will then get in a nihilism and hedonism, or you will then you will get into Marxism and communism. Right. So this individual that you mentioned, Dr. Phillips, you said Ayana Phillips. Nina Phillips is her name.
00:12:51
And I should probably notice, but yeah. Yeah, you know, it's my world.
00:12:56
So I know I'm a happier person because I don't know who she is, but I know exactly the type of viewpoint that she espouses in that she expresses the the issue is and you just hit it perfectly bad theology leads to bad politics.
00:13:10
Right. And so since she also she now she removes herself from theology and a Bible like I have so much of a greater understanding of Nordic versus African Coleman, a second Christ. Christ transcends all of that. And the scriptures are just as true today as they were 1000 years ago or fifteen hundred years ago. So what is the root of this? And can you get you dive deeper into how these churches and I know these pastors and I'm just texting with them like, what are you doing?
00:13:38
I mean, you think that all of a sudden you've got it figured out at this moment in time? And can you can you add some clarity to that? Yeah, I'd be happy to. So I want to use the word sensuality here, and I don't mean to conflate it with sexuality. I mean sensory. Right. When things are about the way it feels, the way it looks, the way it sounds, the way it tastes. Right.
00:14:00
And that's a part of our human experience. Senses are a part of our experience. But when that takes precedence over the way we think, which is the other half of how we live, that takes precedence, then we literally go down the road of having been deceived by our senses. And we have a church, frankly, that's that's getting a pluses on sensory experiences. Right. We're more focused on lights than we are on licentiousness. We're more focused on our biceps, frankly, than we are on the Bible.
00:14:29
And so when we have a church that's focused on that, we lose the mind. Actually, I think 17 it says that the Syrians were incredibly noble because everything Paul taught them, they took it to the scripture to decide if it was true or not. But listen, this, most people don't even read their Bible, let alone check, to see if their pastor what he's saying is true or not. So in Galatians, you have this picture of people that have turned towards acts of the flesh.
00:14:58
They're hyper focused on these these symbolic acts, circumcision specifically. And the Judaize are saying you guys need to do these symbolic acts of the flesh to prove that you are with us. And polls like you've completely lost your theology of foolish Galatians, who has bewitched you. And check this out, Charlie, that word in context, foolish means you are a shallow in analysis. So we have a church that has become shallow in analysis and thrown away others.
00:15:29
They've thrown away the ability to think deeply. And it's all about hilarious jokes, ultra tight jeans and looking cool and celebrity. And listen, I have some ultra tight jeans that I should probably throw out, but and so I get it. But the point is, when we throw out the mind and the brain and the ability to think which is a gift from God, the reason I hate to jump this jump to here, but the reason I hate the word woak is because it's wrong structurally.
00:15:55
It's wrong etymologically. It's wrong philological. I'm not currently woak. I'm currently awake. Right. I'm not eating a sandwich. I ate a sandwich previously. Words are incredibly important and they create the definition world. We look at the world we live in. John, Chapter one. In the beginning we were in the work with God and the word was God. All things were created through him and without him nothing was created that was created. So the words literally created the reality that we live in.
00:16:26
And these guys are redefining language. They're saying when you say Black Lives Matter, if you don't say black lives matter, you hate black people. What are you talking about? Like, how are you changing the etymology? So, again, lack of analysis and frankly, lack of fathers, lack of an older voice that has experience, that has knowledge and it's dangerous. I'm I'm very impressed by your analysis, I have to say it's very refreshing and you're exactly right.
00:16:54
So can you help make sense for our Christian viewers right now, some of these pastors that are indifferent on these issues because they're afraid they're going be called bad names? And I want you to get even deeper into kind of what you consider to be a continuity of the type of Christianity that has been diving into this. So it seems. You mentioned one church in particular. I know those people. I went to that church as a visitor and loved the worship.
00:17:18
And I've heard some really good things.
00:17:20
And I'm not I'm not going to discount that they have done, you know, no good for the kingdom.
00:17:26
However, I think that I love there's guys there that are incredible theologians, so I definitely don't want to discount them.
00:17:32
Yeah, and but but can you maybe help help me through this? Do you think it's the more it's the churches that have the heavier emphasis on the spirit in the Pentecostal tradition that are more likely to get into this, or do you think there's no correlation there?
00:17:45
Well. Well, so. I've always found the truth lies in tension, so I when I see people that are hyper focused on experiences of let's call them the body or sensual experiences, sensory experiences, there is absolutely every time a proclivity to throw out structure and order. But then I go to the guys that are ultra structured and ultra ordered, and then you're like, where's the life guys? Like, I'm blowing dust off the books because we're missing.
00:18:13
We need to have both things living in tension, which makes it challenging because it says of Jesus that he's full of grace and full of truth. It doesn't say he's half grace and he's half truth, that he has this paradoxical fullness that we don't quite understand. But it challenges the guys that are like, I want to experience something. I want to be charismatic. I want to have encounters with God, which I think are essential. And it should also challenge the guys that are like, I'm a Berean, I'm sitting in my room, I'm reading books all the time.
00:18:46
I love what G.K. Chesterton says about morality, says morality is like art. You have to draw a line somewhere. And so for pastors who are out there thinking like, man, I haven't engaged this idea yet. I haven't talked about this. My my encouragement is, guys, we have to draw a line somewhere. And when there's a new theology coming in saying that we are all racist, that we are all like that the church has been the primary propagator or one of the let me be clear on my language, one of the primary propagators of racism in America is we've got to stand up and say that's not true.
00:19:20
You know, Charlie was telling one of your guys about a church split that I had in my church through all of this craziness. And it was in part because I refused to post the black square. I refused to say the magical language again. It's the exact same thing as Galatians Chapter three symbolic acts to prove you are a part of the real community. So does this act. You put the blacks where you raise the fist, if not you, a second class citizen.
00:19:50
You are a lower class. Yes. And you should be disparaged. Well, and Galatians three also says the law is a school teacher to Christ. And I love that because we with what we're doing, we bring a lot of people to Christ through talking about political structures, through moral human action, not discounting the grace of Jesus Christ, but also not throwing up the law altogether. Right. And if that is the case, it's. And so theologically, do you think that some of these churches have no emphasis at all in the law?
00:20:20
Almost no Old Testament teaching at all, and just kind of only focus on Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, maybe a little bit of acts. Do you think there's something to that?
00:20:28
Yeah, yeah, I think you're exactly right, Charlie. Listen, the term is anti nomine. That's that's the theological term we use. Anti nomine is anti law. So it's like the Ten Commandments don't even matter anymore. And I've actually heard people say we don't even need we don't need to care about the Ten Commandments. Hold on. You mean like not killing? Like, we don't need to care about that anymore because Grace covers it. But if you follow that line of argument, it is anti nomine because we are focused more upon this this idea of salvation.
00:20:59
Like I get people to say the prayer of my church get bigger, but we don't deal with the law, which means we don't have school teacher. So again, back to the point of Galatians. Oh, you foolish Galatians. Oh, you who are shallow in analysis because you've never been trained by the law how to be.
00:21:14
Yes, that's exactly right. And the law can be the law can be a harder message to communicate at a megachurch on 34th Street in midtown Manhattan. Right. When you're saying no, there's actually there's actually rules and the law is there for a reason, is there for a reason. And I actually think it makes the gospel taste sweeter when you are able to understand the law. Right. But God did not give us the law because he hated us.
00:21:43
Actually, if you follow these rules, you actually live a more fulfilling life. He was not the fun police. If you follow the Ten Commandments, you actually live a very rich and prosperous life. And that's when I say it's less sweet. It's actually what happens when the salt loses its saltiness. Right. And if you I think you can't understand the harmony of the gospels or the entire picture of what Christ was doing without understanding the Old Testament, without understanding when Christ was tried, it was Deuteronomy, if not mistaken.
00:22:14
He was referencing right and understanding the references to Daniel in the fulfilling of the prophecy. If just if you just focus myopically on Christ's life, burial, death and resurrection, which we love, that is the most important thing in building a whole church around that. I actually don't think you get the entire picture. And I would I would make an argument. The churches that do that are far more likely than to kind of dive into this kind of humanistic political activism.
00:22:40
Is that fair?
00:22:41
Yeah, listen, I think it's more than fair. Jesus said the verses like you don't know the word of God or the power thereof. He said, you searched the scriptures seeking to find life, but it is them that testify to me, he said to the Pharisees, you're a blockade to the way of life and you yourself have not entered in. And he's basing it upon their misunderstanding of the Old Testament scriptures that Matthew, for his saying, is the word of God.
00:23:06
So, Genesis, we have this picture of God setting man and woman in this Garden of Eden, this place of absolute flourishing of bounty. And we have to be able to say that's the original intention of God, this bordered place of flourishing that he wants me to live in. And if I don't have a border in my life that's moral, like with my wife, I can do whatever I want or she can do whatever I want. Just what is going to be no flourishing at the Engelhart House you want to be.
00:23:33
Yeah, that's that's very well said. So now we have a couple of minutes remaining. Can you talk about a call to action for Christians that are that that are uneasy about these topics and issues that are just being propagated by their pastors all across the country? What can you guide them to give them some theological confidence that they can articulate that the BLM incorporated movement as it is today? Right. Which is a political insurgents movement that is about dividing people on skin color, is actually against the doctrine of Jesus Christ.
00:24:03
Yeah, listen, I think the first thing is that as the voice needs to be lifted and there's some kind of, let's call it a dark omen, that we have all these people walking around with masks on today, it's like that their voice should almost be silenced. The primary way to stand up is to begin to speak. And there's been a cap on the evangelical church to make Christianity all about private preference. Right. And Jesus is a public figure.
00:24:29
There was resurrection was witnessed by 500 people. Right. It's a public fact that cannot be hidden. So in the sense of what to do first is you have to lift your voice up, like you have to stop being silenced by the pressure. When you when I open my Instagram account, when I look at my Twitter, the primary voices are, well, not like on mainstream media are all be silenced. Listen, what we have to say, say the flag put up the black square.
00:24:57
If you don't, there's something wrong with you. If Christians today would raise their voice and begin to say, I refuse, I refuse for you to say that I'm a racist. I love my black brothers and sisters. I love people of different skin colors. We're actually one in Christ. Yes, he's reconciled us in Christ. How dare you say that people actually need to start raising their voice against the litany of lies that are coming out? Totally.
00:25:25
They have to do it.
00:25:26
And it simply says clearly and I'm paraphrasing and you know the scripture better than I do, neither slave nor Greek nor Jew. We are all free and Jesus Christ. Right. And that was Paul writing, saying, like, guys, all these tribal lines somewhat irrelevant in the dominion of Christ, right. In the kingdom that he has established here, because prior to Christ, everything was tribal, everything was civilizational. Right. And it transcended all of that.
00:25:52
And then our country, which they want to destroy, actually was inspired by that teaching the country that this what really bothers me, what you said about you know, about Karl, it was the church that created the movement to end slavery.
00:26:05
It was the church that created the movement for common law. And that really bothers me. David, we have a hard, hard stop here. How can people find out more about you? I want to have you back on the show. I love your enthusiasm. And I want to come visit your church in New York. How can people follow you on social media and support you?
00:26:18
Yeah. Yeah, we have our website is Kaseem WYSIWYG. I preach every week. So there's not a Instagram at Engelhart underscore Eskew. And listen, I would love to support Charlie. I'd love to do it. I love what you're doing. And you're standing not just for political rightness but for righteousness and honored to to be able to be on the team. I'm very impressed, man. So honored to meet you. Thank you for coming on. We have your back and keep standing.
00:26:45
We really appreciate it. Thank you for sharing.
00:26:52
Thanks so much for listening, everybody, if you guys want to win a signed copy of The New York Times best seller The Mega Doctrine, e-mail me Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. Just showing me that you're subscribed to the Charlie Kerkow. Get to people right now to get subscribed to the Charlie Cook Show type and Charlie Kirk show subscribe. Give us a five star review screenshot and email us at Freedom at Charlie Curcumin, Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell. Thank you guys so much for listening.
00:27:13
God bless you. Have a great weekend. And make sure go back in the archives throughout this last week. Listen to our Thursday show. Listen to our Wednesday show. We have some amazing content. Thanks so much for listening, everybody. Thank you for the support. Talk to you soon.






PODCAST11)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey everybody. I was looking at the lineup, the Republican National Convention. I said to myself, we thought all these people on our show before. And so I want to do an episode where we recap the best moments of Kayleigh McEnany, Madison, Katherine, Matt Gates, Rand Paul, Don Jr., the United States, the vice president, Dan Crenshaw, Marsha Blackburn, Rick Grenell, Jim Jordan, Nikki Haley, Rudy Giuliani, Kristi Noem and Tom Cotton.
00:00:26
This is an episode of the best of the Charlie Kirk show. All in one. You guys are going to love it. We got all these people here, the best moments of their previous appearances, the Charlie Kirk Show. If you guys want to support the hardest working team in politics, go to Charlie Kirchhoff, support Charlie Dotcom slash support, amazing star studded cast here of the biggest stars of the Republican convention that have all been on our program.
00:00:49
Buckle up, everybody. Here we go.
00:00:51
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Kirk is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Crist, Charlie Cook's run in the White House.
00:01:00
But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created. Turning point. You are saying we will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:01:21
That's why we are here and now. Kayleigh McEnany.
00:01:27
So I do want to end on a more personal note, Kayleigh. I'm kind of a two part question. First, you are one of the youngest press secretaries, I think, in White House history. You have an amazing career trajectory. And so many young people that message me, both men and women, are inspired by how much confidence you have. I first would love to have you just comments on how you were able to to come to this.
00:01:48
I see that cross you wear that cross every single day. I want to just compliment you for the boldness of your faith. It's obviously really important to your to your testimony and your daily work. Please comment on those two things. I know our listeners will be blessed by that. Sure.
00:02:02
You know, I it's an honor to be here as a millennial woman. I know you work with millennials all across the country and, you know, being here and being a young person in particular and very proud. I got here through a lot of hard work. As my dad says, talent beats hard work when hard work excuse me, beats talent and talent doesn't work hard. So I put in a lot of time. I take these proposals seriously.
00:02:24
I know I'm working on behalf of the American people and I'm just trying to keep up with President Trump, who is someone who works around the clock. Never again. Yeah, he's just got full of energy. So to be here to be here at a young age, it's just a testament to what hard work can do and keeping up with this president. But in terms of my faith, it's a very important part of my life. You know, I have one of my mentors is Ravi Zacharias, and I've never met him, but he's someone I've always looked up to.
00:02:53
He's a Christian apologist who has been a lot in my life. And unfortunately, he has cancer and they've announced that he's stopping treatment. But he's someone who really throughout my days in academia, when the going got tough, when I was trying to stand up for my faith and my point of view, he's someone who always kind of provided the footnote to what I was trying to say when I shared my faith. And he's someone who is in my thoughts and in my prayers at this time.
00:03:17
But my faith is huge to me. I began the days immersed in my faith, whether it's listening to Christian music or reading a devotional before I go out to the podium or listening to a sermon, I couldn't get through this job, this really hard job without my faith.
00:03:35
And now Madison Cawthorn, my entire life was going as good as it could have been.
00:03:40
You know, born in 1995, grew up in the mountains of western North Carolina. Incredible family, incredible community, had always dreamed about going to the Naval Academy, had just gotten nominated, is eight years old, playing on playing football.
00:03:52
My entire life is going how ever you'd want to go. Sharp mind, incredible physical abilities. But then, you know, as I'm on a road trip with my best friend, I'm taking a nap in the passenger seat for whatever reason.
00:04:05
I assume you thought it would be better as a group activity. And so he he he accidentally fell asleep behind the wheel, the car we're going at 70 miles an hour in a construction zone on the interstate, not really speeding anything bad. But, you know, when there's no one on the wheel of the car, dangerous things happen since seventy miles an hour, we run headlong into a concrete barricade. Wow. And from there, you you went through years in the hospital, a year and a half.
00:04:29
You're a month in hospital. You're a month in a hospital, three months in ICU.
00:04:34
I was I was terribly damaged, just my entire body. I'm now bound to a wheelchair from now on. But for the very first time after I came out of the hospital, you know, about hundred and fifty pounds in a wheelchair.
00:04:49
And I went to a professional baseball game, I realized what it was like to have people look over you in a crowd.
00:04:56
To feel disenfranchised, to feel like the society had left you behind and that you were no longer a part of the process, and so that is a enabled me to empathize with people who really want to walk a mile in someone's moccasins before I make a decision about what should happen in their life.
00:05:11
And so you started going across the country speaking about your story, right? One of being a victor, not a victim. And then you had this idea, I want to run for Congress because you felt like we were losing our country. You were the youngest candidate, probably by half, probably in a very crowded primary. How many people were in your primary? We had 12 people in the primary. So the way the system works in North Carolina, like a lot of southern states, they have a very crowded primary and the top two vote getters have a runoff.
00:05:39
And so it was a surprise. You even made the runoff, right? It was.
00:05:43
You know, we were considered a dark horse in the race. No one really ever gave us thought we'd be able to do it. But, you know, at the end of the day, what it came down to is hard work and a great message, a new message of conservatism, a freedom of personal responsibility, of having the pen of destiny in your own hands.
00:05:59
And so no one gave us a chance. But when we went, all the votes came out.
00:06:04
We realized we were in second place. My team was actually frustrated. So we thought we going to be in first. And and so then we started into our runoff election. And, you know, Charlie, you know how how the odds are even stacked against us more at that point.
00:06:16
Yeah. And I could speak personally to that.
00:06:20
And now Congressman Matt Gates, then coronavirus comes and there is this demand from law enforcement agencies around the country to be able to enforce social distancing. And so DJI, this Chinese drone company, donates just a ton of drones to 22 states, over 48 municipalities to fly around. Now, why should that scare us?
00:06:45
Because in 2017, our own Department of Homeland Security out of the Los Angeles office wrote a memo indicating that these very DJI drones were dual use, that while they might be flying around a park to enforce social distancing, that they're really collecting information on key infrastructure, electric grids, points of vulnerability, ingress and egress, and that they do report those things back to China. Again, that's not some conspiracy theory I thought of. That's what our own government wrote in a report after that report.
00:07:19
Homeland Security grounds there, DJI drones. The US Army says that they will never again procure these because of their compromising capabilities. And even the park rangers at the Department of the Interior grounded their DGI drone fleet.
00:07:34
But today in America, there is this massive expansion of this Trojan horse intelligence gathering operation run by China, executed by the DJI drones. And your local police department may be unknowingly at the controls of a Chinese operation to make your communities less safe. And if you're worried. Well, you know, I don't care if China if China knows I'm grilling chicken in my backyard, you know, what am I worried about? The real question is, as these broadcasting surveillance flights are occurring, are they picking up where you get your water, where you get your energy?
00:08:09
And that is just simply not information that I want China to have. So I think the Department of Justice needs to act swiftly on this issue guidance. And hopefully, Charlie, the states will also take a role here. The states attorneys general just sent a memo to the United States Congress, 17 of them encouraging us to pursue action against China. I would suggest that every attorney general in America could issue guidance today to their law enforcement and their states and ground your guy fleets.
00:08:40
Our government knows that this is not a gift. This is an intelligence collection asset provided to us by our enemy.
00:08:48
It is so well said. Thank you for your leadership on that, because so few members of Congress are actually getting into the weeds of how the Chinese Communist Party is continuing their imperial international expansion into our country. Quite honestly, it's terrifying. It's terrifying that the tyrants of Beijing and Shanghai will be able to open up their laptops and see the movements and see how American citizens are going to church, are not going to church. These these people cannot be trusted.
00:09:16
And would you give fascist Italy would you give Mao's China that sort of power? Because that's what we're dealing with here. We are dealing with a malevolent regime that has a million Muslims in concentration camps. They've been trying to build an international empire and they're ahead of schedule. They lie continually, continuously. It is a it is as they speak, the lies flow. And we have covered that extensively here on the Charlie Kirk show.
00:09:43
Whether you're working from home or working your fitness, you want what you're listening to to be actually what you're listening to, not what your roommates or your children are listening to. Before you drop one hundred dollars on the next pair of earbuds, check out the wireless earbuds from Rakan. You already know retcon earbuds start about half the price of any other premium wireless ear buds on the market, their newest model, the everyday E 25 earbuds, are the best ones yet with six hours of play time, seamless Bluetooth pairing more bass and a more compact design that gives you a nice noise.
00:10:09
Isolating fit Reykjanes wireless earbuds are so comfortable, perfect for conference calls or bingeing on podcasts like the Charlie Kirk Show. So you've got a break on dotcom salesclerk. That's by Rakan Dotcom Slash Kurk. Everyone at the Charlie Kirk show uses Raque on earbuds. They're terrific. Unlike some of your other wireless options. Right on. Earbuds are both stylish and discreet, with no dangling wires or stems to distract anyone during video calls. Dotcom slash Kirk berec on dotcom slash Kirk, Senator Rand Paul.
00:10:37
Everybody is about to come up. But before we do, please support us at Charlie Kirk Dotcom slash support, Charlie Kirk, Dotcom slash support, Rand Paul, everybody.
00:10:45
And so we built him a natural gas gas station, then no cars. So we bought them some cars. We want them 24 cars that run on natural gas. That's no money. So we give them a credit card to get the gas. But the gas station was supposed to cost about a half a million and ended up costing 45 million because the contractors were ripping us off. So I had two members of my staff that said they'd go to Afghanistan to look at some of this waste they got over there.
00:11:08
And after 19 years, you can't drive in a car anywhere. You have to go by helicopter with Marines to protect you, even within the city of Kabul, the capital. So the gas station was out in the country and they said, can we see it to see if it is functioning? What's what's a 45 million are natural gas gas station doing? And they said, well, we just can't take the risk to go out there. It's not worth Americans dying to show you this gas station.
00:11:30
So it's like we spent 45 million in an area of the country we can't even visit. So this is crazy. No kids should be sent over to Afghanistan when there is no reason for the war anymore. We're building them gas stations and roads. Well. Senator, our time is short. Is there anything in particular you wanted to plug? I know you mentioned the book and everyone here should buy the book. The Case Against Socialism. Is it available for preorder yet or will be soon?
00:11:56
Soon. It's going to come out in the September, early October so this room can help make it a best seller. I know that. But is there anything else that these students can help you with in your fight for liberty? I have to tell everyone in this audience I've dealt with so many of these politicians and they just don't get it. I mean, there's maybe four or five in the Senate that reasonably get it. And really, I say Senator Rand Paul is one of the few that is so vocal on the issue of ending the endless wars and criticizing the spending.
00:12:23
And now Donald Trump Jr., you know, and if they're willing to destroy people's lives without any basis, in fact, without any, you know, evidence, you know, obviously the evidence against Kavanaugh was so overwhelming that Dianne Feinstein in the Senate sat on it for, you know, three months and then illegally leaked it and then leaks it.
00:12:42
It's really disgusting. But that's what we are up against.
00:12:45
I mean, we have to realize that we are in a a serious fight for the for the culture of our country.
00:12:51
And there's nothing the other side won't do. And when I see them espousing those values, I know that, you know, the big government nonsense and the censorship and the this it's crazy.
00:12:59
I mean, there's things what was the thing I saw today and, you know, Massachusetts, you know, it's the latest outrage.
00:13:04
Think a little out of there, literally banning. I think they sent you messages trying to ban the ability to call someone a bitch.
00:13:11
You know, it's not nice, but men like, you know, and then they go, right.
00:13:15
No, we're not trying to suppress it. They're not trying to suppress anything as long as they're OK with what you're saying.
00:13:20
But I'm sure it's OK to call a magazine reporter that I mean, they'd be fine. So you see the media, are they really trying to ban that?
00:13:26
I saw that today. They don't have anything better to do and they got nothing better to do it. Well, if they did, they'd be working on infrastructure, USACA, there'd be infrastructure instead of Salleh. The notion of immigration, the president's put forth an amazing immigration plan. This is the big pressing issue in Massachusetts. They don't want to do anything. This shows how good the economy is done, to be honest with you. Well, they can't talk about it because they got nothing.
00:13:47
I mean, what are their plans? They have nothing. They won't even vote on issues that will make it better because they're worried about getting Trump to win. And that's the real issue. I mean, when you think you realize that NAFTA is a failure, they realize that NAFTA is a failure.
00:13:58
They're they're trying to reclaim this notion that they're for the blue collar workers of America, which they lost under Trump. Where are you?
00:14:05
They don't want to give away the first thing they voted on six months ago when they brought it to the table. But it's still sitting on Nancy Pelosi's desk because she can't bring it to the people because Trump was the guy that got it done.
00:14:15
They said it was impossible and he got it done like everything else that he's done.
00:14:19
And it might help him get re-elected.
00:14:20
That's why they're trying to they would rather watch Americans suffer and not be able to take advantage of more job opportunities and all of these things than to have their own constituency thrive because they hate Trump more than they love America, the United States, everybody.
00:14:36
I don't have to say much more than that. Email me your questions really quick. Freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom, the president.
00:14:41
Mr. President, welcome to Arizona. Well, thank you very much. You're about to address the second largest gathering post lockdown, I think, on the planet. That's right. It's all young people. What is your message to the next generation?
00:14:52
I think it's just hope. And I think that we are doing a great job. We had the best job numbers we've ever had. A month ago, actually, two weeks ago, the retail numbers were coming back very strong. We had this problem with China where they sent something over here probably by accident. Who knows? And we're coming out of it very strong, very powerfully. The third quarter is going to be incredible. I think I really believe it will be.
00:15:18
And fourth quarter is going to be really good. And next year is going to be one of the best years we've ever had. So it's going to be great for young people.
00:15:25
Yeah, you signed an executive order yesterday that I loved and appreciated restricting immigration that will protect jobs of young graduates.
00:15:32
Can you tell us a little very simply, we want to take care of Americans first, and I'm OK with having people come in based on merit. You know that I've been talking to you about that for a long time, but we want to have people come in on merit. But right now we have jobs to fill. And I want to do that before I even think about anything else. And we've signed something. It's very strong. It's really America.
00:15:55
First to to America first is a very simple message to put our country in our generation first.
00:16:00
So, Mr. President, you have been outspoken about the need for the silent majority to be silent. No longer so many young people are losing their jobs because of their beliefs and some of them get physically threatened. In closing here, one last kind of piece of messaging, as you hear the crowd roar in anticipation, crowd, incredible. In fact, every single seat filled and we got a little battle with the fire marshal over it. But I said that this is when there's been so for young conservatives out there that are being targeted for their beliefs, what is what is your message for them?
00:16:30
Well, we're going to be doing something. I'm going to be you know, you saw what I did having to do with schools that are funded and funded. And I know it's had a big impact. And you and I know you have sold out crowds and everything is. But we're winning. We're in the White House, we're going to win the White House again, hopefully we're going to win the Senate, we're going to bring back the House. We are doing great.
00:16:54
And I really think that as far as targeting, I like targeting back. You know, they go after people's business. They go after customers. If you advertise on a conservative show, you know what's going on. They go after the advertising. Oh, it's a disgrace. What they do is a disgrace. And the bottom line is we're winning and they're knocking down our monuments and they're knocking down our statues. They're knocking down all sorts of things.
00:17:16
In the end, we're going to knock them down. We're going to win this. We're going to win it really big. And these incredible people that I hear in the background, they're on the winning team. And I think the other side has frankly, I think they've just lost it and you see it. But we'll see what happens in November. We have to go November 3rd. It's a big day and it's a big, big day. We're all waiting for it.
00:17:37
And I think we're doing really well. We're all set to go. We're just starting the campaign right now. You know, we were on television the other night for a speech and it was the highest rating in the history of Fox on a Saturday night. And the history, it's a long history. It's a lot of good shows and some probably pretty bad ones, too. But an online you saw the kind of numbers we had 11 million viewers.
00:17:58
Yeah, there are there are tremendous there's a tremendous spirit out there that I guess they call it enthusiasm that people haven't seen in a long time. So I think we're going to do really well.
00:18:09
Mr. President, we have your back. Thank you for fighting for our generation and can't wait to hear what you have to say.
00:18:14
You've always had my back, and I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you, Shirley. Thanks.
00:18:20
Who's your wireless provider, AT&T, Verizon or T-Mobile? What if I told you that peer talk USA has the exact same network as one of those carriers, same tower, same exact coverage, but literally costs you half? I know it sounds crazy. When I first heard about your talk, I thought this is too good to be true. But I looked at the customer reviews and I met the people that use it. Eugene from Granbury, Texas, had good service having any problems in our travels since giving up on AT&T, we don't really feel there's any difference in level of service or quality accessibility.
00:18:44
We're getting ready to put the service on our iPads. Switching is so easy you can keep your phone and they'll send you a SIM card so you can get the same great service you currently have. But at half the price. Listen to this unlimited talk, text and two gigs of data for just twenty dollars a month, the average person is saving 400 dollars a year. So why is it so much cheaper than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile? No retail stores, no billion dollar year ad campaigns, no value adds to your contract.
00:19:07
They end up paying for their customer service is right here in the U.S. and their CEO is a U.S. veteran who loves his country. Here's the deal. Unlimited talk, unlimited text, plus two gigs of data for just twenty dollars a month. All you do is grab your mobile phone. They'll pounce if you say the key word, Charlie Kirk, that's pounds of fifty, say the keyword Charlie Kirk. And when you do, you'll say fifty percent off your first month.
00:19:28
The vice president of the United States, Mike Pence.
00:19:31
Right now, all of this just feels to me like an unending effort by Democrats that literally began on our Inauguration Day to overturn the results of the 2016 election. But I'll be honest with you, Charlie, I as I travel across Iowa today, as I've been traveling all across this country, I think the American people see through it. I think they see a president who's rebuilt our military, who's revived the American economy, who's appointed a record number of conservatives to our courts at every level, who has America standing tall in the world again, respected as never before.
00:20:15
And that contrast that with the Democratic Party that just seems to be overtaken by left wing radicals who support not only this partisan impeachment, but but late term abortion, open borders, free health care for illegal immigrants, I mean, and socialist policies that really have have literally impoverished millions over the last century. And Rob, rob the liberties of generations. I mean, to think that to think that Bernie Sanders is leading in the polls in the Democratic Party here in Iowa today, it is an avowed socialist is really it really tells you all you need to know about today's Democratic Party.
00:21:04
And I think that's why you see so many people. Yes. Coming our way. Would the rally tonight in Des Moines, I mean, I know, Charlie, there'll be a lot of good Republicans there and there'll be some Democrats, too. There's going to be a lot of Democrats there. We you know, we actually people register for these things and they're given the opportunity to tell us about their political background. And there'll be a significant number of people in Des Moines tonight before the president and I take the stage.
00:21:30
That'll be proud Democrats. But they're coming to this president. They're coming to the Republican Party, just like students all across the country are coming to this movement through turning point because they see the results. Yes, they see a president who's putting common sense American principles and ideals into practice and is delivering results in a stronger, more prosperous America. So I want to quickly follow up on one of those points being in Iowa. Bernie Sanders might win the state and he might be the nominee, which in my opinion, would be probably one of the most stark contrasts in our in my lifetime of two different ideologies.
00:22:08
And, you know, you could look at 1984 or 1972, which were landslides in the Republican conservative direction when Democrats nominated someone so socialist and so radical. But it's the universities and young people that are pushing the rise of Bernie Sanders.
00:22:26
Congressman Dan Crenshaw right here on the Charlie Kirk show.
00:22:30
And I have no connection to Boston. And so I went to Tufts because I was always in or out and interested in policy. I did international and international relations at Tufts. You know, I grew up abroad because my dad was in the oil and gas sector, so I grew up in Houston.
00:22:43
You speak fluent Spanish? Yeah.
00:22:45
And so I went to high school in Bogota, Colombia, and, you know, did model U.N. as a kid.
00:22:50
So I was like I was all into international affairs. I figured that would be a good major and a minor in physics just just because I don't know why there was no reason for that.
00:22:59
It was just I figured that's what I would do if I wanted to pretend to be a smart kid.
00:23:04
And I guess that's a whole different story.
00:23:08
But so I got to Harvard at the end of my military career. I knew I wanted to remain in policy.
00:23:13
And so I went to the to the Kennedy School. I didn't go to business school and go to law school. Went to the Kennedy School. Wanted to study policy and then, you know, find a new path in that direction, not politics, but policy, and there is a difference just for and this is maybe important for kids to understand, because you get asked about this a lot, like how do you get involved?
00:23:31
How do you get into the political outlook? And I say the first the first thing you have to differentiate is whether you're interested in policy or politics. There is a difference if you're interested in policy. I would suggest that usually means you're interested in a certain type of policy.
00:23:45
OK, maybe it's I you know, I don't know, maybe it's labor or something. Maybe maybe it's maybe it's small business development. Like, I don't know, I don't know whatever it is for you, but maybe get really smart on that one piece of policy, maybe work for a politician, maybe work for a think tank, maybe that's your thing. Maybe it's behind the scenes.
00:24:02
If you're interested in a whole bunch of different policies and you want to have a kind of a broader effect in that way, then you do have to get into politics a little bit more.
00:24:12
And and I found more and more that that's where I was at.
00:24:17
I still wasn't thinking about running because there was no path to running. I don't have any money. I don't know a lot of people with money who didn't know anybody with money, really. And and there wasn't really a clear window of opportunity. There wasn't a clear place that I would run for office.
00:24:32
And so you have to have one of those three things. And I didn't have any of them. But but my wife and I did talk about running just kind of casually.
00:24:41
And then all of a sudden, one day, maybe probably at least four or five months, six months after I graduated from Harvard, I was actually about to take a job policy job at Department of Defense. And then the next day I was running for Congress. It just happened that fast because the third thing opened up, which is after your service to the SEALs. Yeah, yeah. This is ten years in the SEAL teams. They have to I'm jumping around a lot of it centers in the SEAL teams that go into Harvard.
00:25:05
And I think being at Harvard, again, I went in there wearing conservatism on my sleeve. Well, I'm like super outspoken about it.
00:25:13
But the seal that went to Harvard. Yeah.
00:25:19
Senator Marsha Blackburn.
00:25:22
Oh, Charlie, I am so happy to be with you and your listeners. Nurse One of the things that we know is it is going to take all of us working together to finally deal with China. And as you're aware, I have worked on this issue of China with their intellectual property violations, the way they've stolen our entertainment and written work content, the way they have tried to force the way their telecommunications company into our system, because that is how they are using they're using Whiteway to build a spy network.
00:25:58
And I've also spent time raising the awareness. Every one of these Chinese companies, our guess what, they're state owned and who is the state in China is the Chinese Communist Party. So as we look at coronavirus and covid-19 as a way to pivot toward action, there are some steps we need to put in place to make this an orderly process. First is Senate Resolution five fifty three. I have it in the Senate. Congressman Jim Banks has it in the House.
00:26:30
And this is a sense of Congress resolution which would send the message to the Chinese Communist Party and their leadership that we know they caused the COGAT virus and they did this by hiding information, by lying about what was happening. They were not transparent. They would not give us several sample to work from when we ask them for an active pharmaceutical ingredient, they said, well, we may hold back on that, we might not give it to you. And then they changed their mind and decided to give it to us.
00:27:04
Then they said, oh, this is all caused by the US military. Then they decided they would begin to expel journalists. So in that resolution, we say we recognize all this in China. You are guilty of having taken this virus, allowed it to spread and caused this global pandemic. The thing that we would do is to end these Confucius Institutes that are, yes, on the campuses of many of our universities and, you know, some of these universities thinking they were teaching a different culture and allowing these Chinese professors, quote unquote, air quotes, professors.
00:27:48
They're actually spies onto these campuses. And this is all come to light. Let's saying that if you take taxpayer money, you can't have a Confucius Institute. The third thing, have China waive all of the payments related to the debt, our US debt that they hold, which is over a trillion dollars of our debt that they hold, they should wave their payments on that with the ever increasing numbers of an.
00:28:20
Models, for example, Fiat, Arkia, Pacifica, 65, it is now impossible to stock all the parts you need in a traditional chain store front, Wilander often pointless or seemingly intimidating questioning and wait while the counterman orders the parts on his computer, choosing the only brand his warehouse happens to carry. You have computers, the access to Roc, Auto, Dotcom and in your pocket. One reason to repair and maintain your cars is to save money that you can then use for other important things like mortgages or food.
00:28:48
Why would you choose to spend 30, 50, 100 percent more for the exact same auto parts at a chain store or a new car dealership? Chain stores have different price tiers for professional mechanics and do it yourselfers. Rock auto dotcom prices are the same for everybody and are reliably low. Rock or dotcom always offers the lowest prices possible rather than changing prices based on what the market will bear like airlines to rock out. Dotcom is a family business serving auto parts.
00:29:10
Customers for 20 years go to rock auto dotcom to shop for auto and body parts from hundreds of manufacturers. They everything from engine control modules and brake parts to tail lamps, motor oil and even new carpet. The Roku dotcom catalog is unique and remarkably easy to navigate quickly. See all the parts available for your vehicle and choose the brand specifications and prices that you prefer. Go to Roku or Dotcom right now and see all the parts available for your car or truck.
00:29:35
You just tell them the Charlie Kirk show sent you amazing selection, reliably low prices, all the parts you'll ever need rock, auto, dotcom, Rick Grenell, especially when we look at Europe as being a Western alliance.
00:29:51
Right. They're part of NATO. NATO is the greatest multilateral organization in the history of the world. And therefore, we believe that Germany, the largest economy in Europe, should pay its NATO bill. Why should we have 50000 American troops in Germany, 50000 American troops, your tax dollars, OK, this is billions of dollars. And yet the Germans are going to say to us, we are not going to abide by the NATO rule, which says two percent of your GDP should be spent on your own defense.
00:30:26
They haven't been doing that for quite some time. Is that right? No.
00:30:29
And, you know, look, I have to be honest with you. When when I get pushback from the German government and they say, oh, you're so tough and you're Germans are saying you're tough, you must be quite tough.
00:30:41
You know, they complain about President Trump's tweets. They complain about my speeches or or direct messages. They're complaining that we are too tough on them, on on defense spending. And what I say to them very clearly is this also has been a policy of multiple U.S. governments and you have ignored them. The Obama administration, you've ignored the Bush administration, who all asked very nicely in the very typical diplomatic way. Right. Please pay more for defense. Please pay your NATO obligation.
00:31:19
And yet they've ignored that. What lesson do you learn that when President Trump is very clear, when President Trump tweets a pay your fair share obligations at NATO and you start to raise your defense spending, the only lesson that we can learn is that we have to keep the pressure on, because that's the only way that you're going to increase defense spending.
00:31:45
Jim Jordan, I think the way that Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn was treated and has now been revealed to have been treated as one of the greatest injustices in modern American history, the president has said about the deep state and spying has been proven to be true. You have you went out on a limb and you called out this nonsense before these documents were even made public. And in these documents, it was shown that this was entrapment in its purest form. And any way you look at it, it was entrapment of Lt.
00:32:14
. General Michael Flynn without legal representation in the people's House, the White House, they go in and entrap Michael Flynn. Here's the question I have, Congressman.
00:32:23
Why is it that the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Christopher Wray sat on this exculpatory evidence for two years?
00:32:29
Can you add some insight into this? I have no idea, but it is frustrating. But for the work of Sydney Powell, Michael Flynn, lawyer, but for the effort of the attorney general, Bill Barr, Bill Barr said to Jeff Jensen, U.S. attorney in St. Louis, Go take another look at the mike case. Those two bullbars, actions and Cindy Paul's actions are the reason we now have this information and what they did to a three star general who served our country for over 30 years.
00:32:55
And you put it all in context. Remember, Charlie, you know this. In July of 2016, they launched an investigation into President Trump, they and of course, that investigation in the summer of twenty sixteen, they use the now famous dossier, the dossier that was paid for by the Clinton campaign, the dossier that was written by Christopher Steele, who Christopher Steele told the Justice Department he was, quote, desperate to stop Trump from getting elected.
00:33:18
The dossier that they knew was Russian disinformation, the dossier that they knew was salacious, unverified, Jim Colby's words, not mine. They use that dossier to go spy on people associated with President Trump's campaign. And then we learned just a couple of weeks into his administration, they sneak two guys into the White House. They don't follow the standards they're supposed to follow, notifying the White House counsel. They sneak two FBI agents into the White House to set up a three star general and to charge him with lying to the FBI in this crazy Logan Act, which has never been used to charge anyone with a crime.
00:33:48
That is how bad it is. And if I could just add one more thing. I understand what took place January 3rd. Chuck Schumer goes on The Rachel Maddow Show. He says in response to a statement President Trump had said, preselect Trump and said preselect Trump and said that they're spying on me. He said they're spying on our campaign and spying on me. Chuck Schumer says if you mess with the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday to getting back at you the next day.
00:34:11
The two agents who were who were doing the investigation said there's nothing there with Michael Flynn. We should drop this CROSSFIRE Rasor investigation. The day after that, Peter struck famous. Now, Peter Struck says, wait a minute, don't drop it. Comey and McCabe told me we're going to continue this investigation. And then the 6th of January. This is all in 2011. All in all, instead of three weeks, January six is when they go to Trump Tower and try to trap the president and brief the president on the dossier.
00:34:37
Two and a half weeks later is when they go to the White House and trap Michael Flynn. All that happens in a three and a half weeks time period in January of 2017. That's how disgusting this is. So people need to be held to account. Most importantly, I hope I hope John Durham investigators need to do it. I hope they hold Jim Comey accountable.
00:34:59
Nikki Haley. Charlie, the one thing I want people to understand is this is bigger than the virus.
00:35:05
China has been an aggressor and a bully for a long time, and the United States has been naive for way too long. Just to give you an example, in the past month where every country in the world stood still. Every country has been has tried to survive and take care of their people. Do you know what China has been doing? They have been highly aggressive in the South China Sea, where a third of our shipping takes place. They are then arresting Hong Kong protesters that were speaking negatively about China.
00:35:36
They have been testing nuclear weapons going against the nuclear testing ban. This is all stuff they've done in the last month. So while everyone else is trying to survive, they have not let off the gas. It's time for us to be smart. It's time for us to call them out. And it's time for us to do something about it. And that's what we hope the petition does.
00:35:56
Music to my ears. I have talked about for some time how we need to be skeptical and we need to be very firm. And now I have called for the complete and total shutdown of economic relations with China, with some people saying that goes too far. You accurately point out that their aggression in the South China Sea, they have a million Muslims in concentration camps. They harvest the organs of anyone that they choose in any time. It is one of the most hostile countries in the world to Christianity.
00:36:26
They have the belt and road initiative. They have bought up ports of entry in sub-Saharan Africa and South America. They look at the world as if it's their imperial sandbox and they have a total disregard for human rights. And thank you for standing up for what was right on the U.N. Security Council in the United Nations, where it's like the den of lions against America. It's basically we pay them so they can hate us.
00:36:51
Rudy Giuliani and I have now come to the position.
00:36:55
I had a conversation with Rand Paul last night and he and I had totally different views during the debate.
00:37:01
We debated it. I've now I've can say I've come all the way over to his position, but he's absolutely right that we have to curtail it. The rights of American citizens are precious.
00:37:10
And his position has long been, hey, this could end up being abused at some point at which you always admitted and you said, but, you know, there's a process.
00:37:19
And I also had a picture of U.S. attorneys offices of the 1980s. Very honest, a great point. Very, very different.
00:37:30
And you asked me about the Southern District. So the justice in Manhattan, major places where they hire people are the Ivy League law schools and they take the top ten.
00:37:39
These are all self-proclaimed geniuses, nine out of 10 are out of control. Liberals are going to say they're all Marxists.
00:37:44
And I would imagine the hatred of Trump is palpable. Mm hmm. So can someone, a good lawyer, control that and be a good lawyer?
00:37:54
I actually have an example of a judge like that who just made a very fair decision that helps President Trump, even though he personally hates me. That's a great. That's what that's a great lawyer. That's right.
00:38:04
But the ordinary human beings are they're angry at him. I think they are angry at me because of the way I embarrassed him over the Cohen case. I mean, that that guy was flying machine. And every time he lied, we nailed him and we ruined him for that.
00:38:19
Yes. Well, so two thoughts come to mind. Number one, the new American left, not liberals, leftists that are trained in the universities, which is my fight. They train activists to throw away ethics and principle for what they say, but the ends justify the means. It's very Machiavellian in their mind.
00:38:36
And everybody else, everybody says, and I think I haven't read it in a while, that 12 years, Saul Alinsky, that rules her Saul Alinsky basis, Kristi Noem kind of ridiculed by the media for telling people in my press conferences, if you're scared, if you're fearful, you can stay home. You have every right and responsibility to stay in your house. And we will be a badge of honor. We will make sure that we get you food and that you're doing fine.
00:39:08
But if you are scared, you have every opportunity to stay home and you don't have to leave your house. So, you know, having that plain conversation, I think the people appreciated at times. The media used it to say I was naive, but then the people stepped up and proved me right. They they did it and it made all the difference in the world.
00:39:27
Well, and that's a badge of honor. And I say frequently, we do not have a media in our country. We have a group of activists that call themselves journalists with big Twitter followers that control big platforms of influence.
00:39:39
True, journalists would have treated every state and every locality independently and objectively, and it totally backfired on them because they had looked. The media always looks at things in terms of hero and villain, and they've tried to make Donald Trump the villain. And they scanned across the prairie and they said, oh, we can try to make this governor from South Dakota the villain.
00:39:59
Well, it backfired miraculously on them, because I could tell you, you have now become the only person who will be able to I said during the greatest power grab in the last hundred years, if not in American history, where Christians couldn't go to church on Easter, where we had to shut down our businesses, where every school was basically shut down, every governor who, you know, said these words freedom, liberty. I trust my citizens. There was only one that actually did it.
00:40:24
And the media said, well, no, no, no, we're going to try to make her into the one that was, you know, trying to be against the grain and contrarian. And yet you flatten your curve by 75 percent.
00:40:34
I have seen nothing but great approvals, Tom Cotton, but from the very beginning, when I first started seeing reports of an unusual viral pneumonia and Wuhan in China, I started studying it pretty carefully and looking at what was happening. And you're right, there's still so many unknowns. Most notably, we still don't know where the virus started. We know it was in or near Wuhan. The Chinese Communist Party said for weeks that it was at a raw food market, but even they now admit that that's not the case.
00:41:08
So it's possible that was naturally occurring at, say, another food market or a farm or a food processor or what have you. But as I've noted from the very beginning, there is a super lab in Wuhan that deals with infectious diseases to include coronavirus. So it's only reasonable and responsible that we ask the question about whether or not that lab has some connection. And it could be a negligent but unintentional connection. You know, China has a history of their laboratories not successfully containing diseases that they're researching, but we need to demand those answers from the Chinese Communist Party because they have been so dishonest and they lack transparency from the very beginning.
00:41:47
And we need to put the burden of proof on them because the origins of the virus can of, of course, affect and has implications for diagnostic testing, therapeutic drugs and vaccines.
00:41:57
Well, and you were called by the media, a conspiracy theorist for Dare, pointing out that they have the super lab in Wuhan and we still have no idea who Patient Zero is. The Chinese have gone on our news networks.
00:42:12
The Chinese ambassador or some equivalent to that was saying was attacking you, basically saying that you're spreading false propaganda and that we need you know, this is really not as bad as, you know, we think now it's worldwide. It's it's slowing the goal, the global economy to a halt. Apple has already seen it directly affect its production.
00:42:35
As you can see, everybody, we get the biggest names in the movement.
00:42:38
We work super hard, it's almost 4:00 a.m. Eastern, so please consider supporting us at Charlie Kirkconnell report. Charlie Cook Dotcom slash support Chip Chipin, if you can, to help keep this program going. You guys just heard the best of the Charlie Kirk show from Kayleigh McEnany, Madison, Catherine, Matt Gates, Rampal, Don Jr., the United States, the vice president, Dan Crenshaw, Marsha Blackburn, Rick Grenell, Jim Jordan, Nikki Haley, Rudy Giuliani, Kristi Noem, Tom Cotton and more.
00:43:01
God bless you guys. And please, if you guys want to win a signed copy, the Magga Doctrine, just tell us you listen to this type and Charlie Kurkova podcast provider hit Subscribe. Give us a five star review, screenshot it and email us Freedom at Charlie Kirkup. God bless you guys. God bless our country. Talk to you soon.







PODCAST12)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey, everybody. President Trump capped off an amazing convention, all while Nancy Pelosi is saying that Joe Biden should not debate. Joe Biden actually might campaign again. And it was an incredible catch up to the Republican National Convention with all the instant response. It is about two o'clock Eastern right now. By the time we edit this episode, it'll be four thirty Eastern, our five a.m. East Coast time. But we want to make sure you guys have the episode because we work harder than any other podcast team out there.
00:00:31
And if you guys just want to chip in a little bit to help support our hardworking team, just go to Charlie Cook, dotcom slash support, Charlie Cook Dotcom slash support chip chipin what you can 50 dollars, 100 dollars, five dollars, 10 dollars become a monthly supporter. Email me your questions. Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. Buckle up everybody. What a week. Here we go.
00:00:50
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Cook run in the White House.
00:00:59
But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country. That's why we are here.
00:01:23
Hey, everybody, what a evening apologize for kind of the shuffled look here and the last minute live stream, we would have gone live right after the president left the stage. But I was there. I was there just a couple rows away from the president of the United States, Don Jr., Eric Ivonka, Jared, they were all there. Ivanka gave a phenomenal introduction of her father, our president, our 44th president, United States President Donald Trump.
00:01:48
And I would have been here much earlier in this production room that we have for you. But a violent mob, a riot broke out outside of the White House. It seems as if the rioters wanted to confirm everything that President Trump talked about in his speech. So if you guys did not catch the speech, it was hard to miss. It was on every single social media feed. It was on radio across the country, on television across the country.
00:02:12
But I thought it was one of the most comprehensive promises, made promises, kept speeches I've ever heard a politician give Republican or Democrat. Doesn't matter. I mean, President Trump went line by line of how he has delivered results for the American people. Some of the most effective parts of the evening was when he was talking about how he was a different type of politician. Karl Rove gave a great analysis. He said there were five thousand six hundred and eighty words in total that in this speech, 564 of them were going after Biden's, about 10 percent of the speech, 400.
00:02:45
One of them we're talking about a second term, essentially what he's going to do in the second term. Twelve hundred words were about the traditional America or American exceptionalism, up 20 percent, which is phenomenal. I was so pleased to see this emphasis on our country as the greatest country ever to exist in the history of the world, why we're a different country, why we are exceptional, and why we have to fight for what is exceptional continued in our country.
00:03:12
956 words on promises made, promises kept, 831 words on law and order, and six hundred 636 words on a defense of how the president responded to the Chinese coronavirus. So here are a couple key lines. First of all, I just want to say the United States continued to call the virus the China virus. Now, I'm not one to take credit for anything, but even liberal reporters can trace back my tweet of the president, quote, tweeting, my calling the China virus, the China virus, and the president using that word up until his convention speech today.
00:03:45
Very pleased to see it. One of my favorites, one of my favorite speeches the entire evening, my favorite lines the entire evening that got the entire place laughing was for 47 years, Joe Biden took the donations of blue collar workers, gave them hugs and even kisses. And then there was just this amazing pause.
00:04:02
And Donald Trump said, it's true. It's true.
00:04:05
And he told them he felt their pain. And then he flew back to Washington and voted to ship their jobs to China and many other distant lands. So the reason I like this so much is the president is really zeroing in on the states that are going to get him re-elected, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, not just talking about Malibu and Manhattan wish list items, but actually zeroing in on the states that have previously felt the pain of the Obama and Biden administration and are going to hopefully reimburse, embrace the president going to November.
00:04:37
One of my other favorite lines is when the president said Joe Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the USA. Such a powerful line. The president also said, we understand America is not a land cloaked in darkness. America is the torch that enlightens the entire world. See this framing with the flags in the backdrop in the White House was an unapologetic defense of this gift that we have been given. Now, we talk about that quite a lot here on the Charlie Kirk show, this gift of generations before us that sacrificed so much that we can live the American way of life.
00:05:10
It was really amazing. I just got to be honest with you guys. I'm 26 years old. Here I am sitting on the White House lawn, 75 degrees outside around me are U.S. senators and secretaries of cabinet, cabinet secretaries, very influential people and members of business. And the president comes to give the final speech of the convention. And I look up at him, I say. I gave the first speech of this convention that was really cool, to be honest with you.
00:05:38
I mean, 26 year old, it didn't go to college, have the opportunity to say I started this convention and now he finishes off this convention only in America. Is a story like that possible? Everybody only in America could a kid not go to college. Could a kid? Pursue his own dream and destiny, open up a Republican National Convention and then sit front row, center stage for the president to accept that nomination. It's remarkable. It really is.
00:06:06
It was such an uplifting speech and the president was honest about what would happen if Joe Biden assumed power and the Biden Democrats would actually be able to implement their agenda on a state and local and federal level. CNN was very quick with their push notification, Trump's acceptance speech analysis. The president tried to sell a reality that simply doesn't exist and delved into dark premonitions. Should Biden, when the president said this, quote, In America, we don't turn to government to restore our restore our souls.
00:06:35
We put our faith in almighty God. Joe Biden is not the savior of America's soul. He is the destroyer of America's jobs. And if given the chance, he'll be the destroyer of American greatness. That one paragraph let me read that again. In America, we don't turn to government to restore our souls. Yes, our rights are given to us by God, not by government. This the president went out of his way to mention people of faith so many different times throughout this speech, the president mentioned how the Democrats removed the phrase under God from their Pledge of Allegiance.
00:07:11
And President Trump said, We put faith in almighty God. This idea that we get our rights from a supernatural power, that it's not Joe Biden, it's not Barack Obama, it's not even Donald Trump that gives us our rights. Instead, we put them there to protect our rights. That is why I stand by the imagery of Donald Trump being the bodyguard of Western civilization. And then President Trump beautifully completed the paragraph in the linguistics of this speech.
00:07:36
The diction of this speech was Donald Trump at his very best. He's the destroyer of America's jobs. And if given the chance, he'll be the destroyer of American greatness. Beautifully put and true and honest. Last month I took on Big Pharma and then he got very humorous, not the right word. He just he just embraced his he embraced how he can make fun of every situation. He says, you think that's easy? It's not one of the best quotes from the president.
00:08:07
You see, the American people believe that there is a broken insider cartel that exists within our government, between big business, between big government bureaucrats, between people within the deep state, people that have spied on our president, people that invade other countries on our behalf without ever victory being in sight. And so when the president frames himself as the advocate for the little man up against corporate America, up against big war, up against big business, this is a winning message.
00:08:36
A VANKA also talked about this as well. She said, you must be doing something right because Big Pharma is really coming after us. That is a winning message. You see, what really happened tonight was quite profound.
00:08:50
If the activist media had any sort of. Honesty or integrity within their capacity for reporting, they would have talked about how tonight was one of the most profound political realignment moments in American history. You don't see political realignments happen very often. You see political realignments are when parties take new positions that were previously held by the opposition party and they take stances that sometimes might be popular or might not be popular. But this is actual interesting political reporting. This is stuff that the activist media should be doing.
00:09:28
So the Democrat Party tonight officially became the party of endless and limitless foreign wars. They became the party of big corporations and the party of suppress speech and the party of endless violence. Whereas the Republican Party has now become the party of middle class workers, the party of ending the endless wars and the party of taking on big corporations.
00:09:51
Did you just see what I saw just happen in real time, the Democrats who have been using the most amount of energy and narrative from the grassroots base to try to capture people to go up against corporations wrongly from a government control standpoint, this is a very important philosophical difference.
00:10:11
We as Republicans don't want to abolish these corporations.
00:10:15
We as conservatives are Trump supporters, I should say, are constitutionalists don't want to get rid of all these companies. Instead, we don't want these companies that have favored regulatory access. We don't want them to be able to have bureaucrats that they can have accessibility to. We don't want them to be able to use their incumbency to go after the American worker, whereas the Democrats just want to use legislative power to almost nationalize them, to just turn them into kleptocratic, chosen few companies that contribute to their campaigns and really harm the American people and the American worker.
00:10:48
So we saw a we saw a big, big not the right term. We saw a historic political recalibration happen in front of our eyes where the Republican Party, with the re acceptance of President Trump or the acceptance of him being the Republican nominee. We saw the Republican Party reassert and double down on being the party of middle class work, the party of family, the party of believing in a God and defending that belief, the party of freedom of speech, the party of what would once be called liberal values, quietly and without almost anyone in the media mentioning it, the activist media and not even the media, I don't expect this out of them.
00:11:31
What's been the most disappointing thing is the prognosticators and the pundits and the professional political people that we put on television that just have become so boring. They don't even mention like, wow, something really profound happened tonight. Donald Trump's bragging about how private corporations are attacking Republicans. That's a really big deal. And I'm not saying it's a good thing or bad thing. I think it's a good thing. But that's just a really profound moment because Republicans traditionally were the party of big business.
00:11:58
Republicans traditionally were the party of massive corporations and saying we built that, too. I want to just take you back in time for Mitt Romney's 2012 acceptance convention. Mitt Romney, I was there. I snuck in with Bill Montgomery, may he rest in peace, an American hero where we were there. And I remember pointing it out to Bill and I saw on the side of the convention it said, yes, we did build that, which was was a rebuttal to Barack Obama saying you didn't build that.
00:12:24
Somebody else made that happen. Now, that message that Mitt Romney had was true but was different about it or what was not really resonant about it. It was a pro corporate argument. It was a pro business owner argument. So in other words, most people are not business owners. They're not most people just want to live quiet and peaceable lives that it tells us in First Timothy, most people just want to build middle class families and be able to have their kids have a little bit better life than they have.
00:12:54
And so you go from the party in 2012 that was unapologetically pro corporate America at all costs, talking about tax cuts and a regulation which President Trump did touch on, where now you have President Trump and his daughter who introduced him bragging that a private company is attacking him. This is where the Republican Party lost their way post Reagan. But not every single corporation under the sun is worthy of worship. Not every single company that just has L.L.C. behind it is necessarily doing the right thing just because it's in a market.
00:13:26
I'm a Milton Friedman guy. I love free markets. I think free markets are the only moral economic system ever discovered. I love entrepreneurship. I love private property. But we should not turn this into dogmatic belief where if you dare speak out against a singular company or somehow in violation and you're a heretic, that's wrong.
00:13:45
In fact, that's sloppy thinking and that's lazy thinking. President Trump reaffirmed that he is willing to defy the political orthodoxy in the status quo. I thought that was one of the most profound moments of the entire night, a philosophical recalibration. The president also bragged about ending endless wars. We talked about this in the previous episodes throughout the week where the Republican Party is now the party of ending foreign conflicts, not starting foreign conflicts, were under Joe Biden and Barack Obama.
00:14:13
They started new wars, the war in Libya, the conflict in Syria, the unrest all across the Middle East, allowing Russia to annex Crimea, allowing North Korea to launch missiles.
00:14:24
No recourse. So President Trump ends foreign wars. Joe Biden and Barack Obama started calamities all across the globe. So where the Republican Party traditionally would have been is more bombs. The better fire up the aircraft carriers. We want to see the Tomahawk missiles fly. We love conflict. This is where George W. Bush based. I want to say they love conflict, but they were very neoconservative in their foreign policy approach. Right. It's a realpolitik way of looking at things.
00:14:54
And that's a that's a deeper podcast for a different time. Whereas Donald Trump taking a pro American, a patriotic approach, said, what are we getting out of these foreign wars, sand and death? I'm going to end these wars where we have troops coming home. Another very popular position.
00:15:10
The president in those two elements challenging corporate tyranny, especially when it comes to the pharmaceutical companies, a very popular position and challenging the endless wars and nation building that we seemingly have just indulged ourselves in for the last couple of decades, really differentiated himself philosophically where people might have been watching this and they might be Democrats and they sit up straight and they say, I like that. That's very interesting. The second most powerful part of the entire evening, minus the president's speech, was this montage and I already texted and I actually tweeted the Trump campaign.
00:15:47
I told all of them. I said, you guys got to run this as an ad where they had all these former Democrats and they had one in particular. And we're going to show this next week on one of our live streams or one of our shows will play it. We don't have the opportunity to play tonight because I literally just had to run outside of the White House and avoid a couple of thousand protesters that wanted to rip my head off just so I could be with you guys tonight and give you this instant analysis.
00:16:07
But there is this amazing young man who had double earrings, kind of looked like a liberal. He said he was a democratic socialist and he said something that was so interesting to me. And I caught it. And again, the activists, media, they've been blinded. So they almost they've almost stopped their capacity to deliver any form of analysis that is meaningful or fair. And so this young man in this video who is there tonight and some people that I was with had an opportunity to be really nice young man.
00:16:33
And he said, I have not changed my beliefs. I've realized that President Trump better embraces them than the Democrats. He said, I'm a free speech guy. President Trump is for freedom of ideas.
00:16:44
I'm an anti-war guy, I've always hated war, President Trump better embraces that than the Democrats, and I thought just that little snippet, that little vignette was so powerful the president did not give the traditional Republican talking point speech. And that's why he's so worthy of your support. That's why I get so excited for his presidency. That's why I get excited for four more years. If you watch this program and you listen to our podcast and by the way, you guys can e-mail us your questions.
00:17:11
Freedom at Charlie Dotcom, freedom at Charlie Kirkham. And if we select your question, we'll take a couple tonight. You guys get a signed copy of the New York Times bestseller, The Magga Doctrine. But one of the reasons that and if you guys watch our program, as I was saying, you guys know. That I'm very critical, I'm harshly critical of members of the Republican Party that do not fight, I am very critical of traditional Republican politics.
00:17:37
I love individuals in the party that challenge the status quo. That is why we've been doing these things. And if you have a good answer, then let's keep doing them. But if you don't have a good answer, let's put press pause or go in a different direction. And tonight, for me, from a philosophical political standpoint, political science standpoint, I saw in real time, I said the party has changed and that's a good thing. No more.
00:17:59
Are we going to be the party that says at all cost we are going to trade with our enemies, even if it destroys the American middle class? No longer are we going to be a party that just goes to appease the activist media or bows to corporate tyranny. That's my biggest takeaway from tonight. That is deeper than what you're just going to hear in the activist media. The president also said, quote, If the Democrat Party wants to stand with anarchists, agitators, rioters, looters, flag burners, that is up to them.
00:18:28
But I, as your president, will not be part of it. The Republican Party will remain the voice of the patriotic heroes who keep America safe. Another beautifully fit paragraph. This is what we call agreeable politics. You try to get the audience to agree with you as you are giving the speech. No one wants to actually call themselves an anarchist and agitator, a rioter, a looter or a flag burner. Those people are out there, but they're probably less than one percent of the population.
00:18:57
The true one percent. And they are the base of the Democrat Party. They're the base of the enthusiasm that keeps the Democrats in power. The president Trump was able to appeal to decent, reasonable people. I thought the president did a great job in his demeanor tonight as well. He did not treat tonight like a Make America Great Again rally, which is important, by the way. You have to fire up the base and said he he treated tonight as a stoic address to give Americans.
00:19:22
A view at the presidency that they might not otherwise had. The president also said this Americans build the future. They don't tear down the past. Here's the juxtaposition.
00:19:33
Barack Obama actually won because he was a future anointed candidate, President Trump is surging in the polls and President Trump is doing a lot better in the battleground states because he's actually talking more about the future, not destroying the fast past, looking into the future. How do we build a more sustainable tomorrow for our children? Other topics, he talked about 300 federal judges and two Supreme Court justices, Cabinet and Gorsuch, he hit on Kenosha. Thank you, Mr.
00:20:03
President, for hitting on Kenosha and some of the allies around Kenosha. I'll get to in just one second. But this young man who was arrested for first degree murder, I'm not going to say that he did nothing wrong. But if you watch the videotape, one could make the argument in a legal setting that he was defending himself, that he was chased down in the streets. Now, whether he should have been there or not with an AR 15 is a separate question.
00:20:30
If the police were allowed to do their job and we had National Guard, he probably would not have been allowed there anyway and these riots would not be happening in the first place. However, if we're honest with ourselves, that was not first degree murder. You need to have means, you need to have method and you need to have a premeditation. And yet the media is going after this young man who likely will have his charges dropped in court if he has any sort of defense team that is understands how to defend the innocent or the overcharge.
00:21:03
Those are two different things to innocent. And the owner charged overcharged. Now, Democrats have been driven in the last couple of weeks to talk about how they're going to get free stuff to illegals. President Trump talked about this. Democrats drive to give health care to illegal aliens. President Trump said, we're going to put our people first. I love when the president talked about the quote, they spied on my campaign. They got caught. I'm pleased that that he said this.
00:21:29
It forced a conversation for the activist media to say, oh, no, he actually didn't get spied on. He didn't get caught. Well, no, he did. He got spied on and Barack Obama did it. And Joe Biden also did it. The president also mentioned cancel culture many times. Again, I'm not a huge fan of the term, but I understand why the president mentioned it. And it's very understandable as to why the president made this a key part of his speech, because 71 percent of Americans are afraid to speak their mind without political retaliation.
00:21:59
Probably where I jumped up the most, it was so funny when I did this ivonka Jared Dance, Corvino, Hope Hicks, Don Jr. and all of them kind of looked around me like, who is screaming like this? When President Trump talked about free speech on college campuses, I just leapt out of my chair. I said yes, because we had a very big role in the president signing that executive order for freedom of speech on college campuses.
00:22:21
And this was a 70 minute speech compared to Biden's 24 minute speech. It was about American exceptionalism, our shared history, our shared stories and our identity as a country, not a racial identity. Unlike the Democrats that focus on racial identity, but an identity of ideas, of shared culture and a shared people.
00:22:43
One of the other fun moments of the night was when the president glanced back at the White House. He said, We're here and they're not. Kind of trolling the Democrats. It was epic and it got them so mad. See, the left is so enraged that he was doing this speech at the White House. They said he's violating the Hatch Act. Now, this is nonsense. The president of the United States is allowed to campaign in his official role.
00:23:08
The Republican National Committee, they paid for all of the lighting on the things around it, and we're going to get even more details that in coming days. Chief of Staff Mark Meadows on Wednesday dismissed all that growing criticism of the president's use of the White House as a political backdrop, calling it a light of a lot of hoopla being raised because mainly, quote, mainly because the convention has been so unbelievably successful. No, nobody outside the Beltway Beltway cares.
00:23:34
In fact, the American people were pleased to see people there tonight. Praising the president, enjoying an evening in front of the White House. So the media is also really upset that the president did this, the packhorse without masks over, Darcy said this People across the country have sacrificed so much, they've shut down their businesses law to spread. They postponed weddings. They've grieved in solitude and been able, unable to hold funerals for loved ones. What a feeling must be for them to see the president hosts this party.
00:24:07
Then he got absolutely torn by Rachel Bovard on Twitter. She said, you know, there's a fire. There's a 50000 person march in D.C. tomorrow. You know that there's 50000 people coming to D.C. tomorrow for a march, of course, are organized by Al Sharpton. This Friday's march is dubbed the, quote, Get your knees off our next March. They must be talking about Democrats who have their knee on black people. Democrats have had their knee on black people for quite some time, which will take place in Washington, D.C., as the region continues to navigate the Chinese coronavirus.
00:24:39
The March on Washington organizers initially thought at least 100000 people would gather, but a permit issued Tuesday indicates they now expect about 50000 people will attend, probably even less than that. So now Joe Biden did exactly what I predicted last night here on the Charlie Kirk show. If you guys listen intently to the Charlie Kirk show, you know that I made a prediction and I said that Joe Biden is going to start blaming the riots on Donald Trump in 24 hours or less.
00:25:03
I said in 24 hours he's going to come out and start blaming the riots on President Trump. And just as if we had a crystal ball, not that is if I'm able to prophesy is just very predictable because Don Lemon did that whole diatribe. And Don Lemon is kind of just speaking to the entire Biden campaign when he does his daily Skype call on CNN that no one watches except the Biden campaign. He said this, Joe Biden tweeted this or Joe Biden staffer tweeted this while Joe Biden was napping.
00:25:29
Remember, every example of violence Donald Trump decries has happened on his watch under his leadership during his presidency. Now, remember, the ten most violent cities in America are all run by Democrats and they have been for decades. They control the budgets and the policies that affect our police. There's not been a Republican mayor of Chicago since 1931. There's not been a Republican mayor of Atlanta since the eighteen hundreds. The Democrats control the city council. They control who controls the police.
00:25:53
They control all of this. They have to call in the federal troops. Unless the president of the United States signs the Insurrection Act, he can only defend federal buildings. The president, I think, should sign the Insurrection Act, but it's a huge move, hotly debated, widely disagreed with. And so if the president does not sign the Insurrection Act and these local officials do not call in federal help, it's on them. Joe Biden, it's on your party in Minneapolis, Seattle, Portland, Chicago, New York.
00:26:19
You guys own this. You guys own it. When black businesses burn, you guys own it when black families are torn apart. You guys own it when there's black on black violence, not President Trump. President Trump is offering help. President Trump is trying to lessen the crime in our inner cities. President Trump is trying to be there for all this crime and all this arson. And until he signs the Insurrection Act, which I do support, it's a dramatic measure.
00:26:43
It's not on President Trump at all whatsoever. It's not. It's on Democrat mayors and Democrat city council. Finally, one city that is burning right now that has a Republican mayor. There's a Republican city council that has Republican aldermen, that has Republican state representatives or Republican state senators. It doesn't exist, whether it be Chicago, whether it be Kenosha, whether it be Minneapolis, all Democrats all across. Here are some numbers on how successful the Republican National Convention has been.
00:27:08
The New York Post quote, the opening night of the twenty twenty Republican convention that I was honored to speak at Ballou last week's Democrats snooze fest out of the water, drawing in six times more viewers on C-SPAN live livestream. Approximately 440000 people tuned in to watch the first night of the virtual GOP convention on Monday, compared to just seventy six thousand views for the first night of the DNC, according to a Hill report. The RNC on night one six to ten times higher ratings and ten times the live stream views.
00:27:36
And if you're watching on Live Stream and you guys want to win a signed copy of The New York Times best seller The Maggie Doctrine, please email us your question. Right now, all you have to do is email us freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom, and you could win one of the ten signed copies of the Magadha action we have waiting right for you freedom at Charlie Kirch Dotcom. Email us your question right now. There are some other phenomenal parts of the evening.
00:27:55
My friend, Jeron Smith. I thought he gave a incredible tribute. It's hard to go and speak. That's not easy. And, you know, the leftist media is coming after him so aggressively. I just want to say, Jeron, we stand with you. I saw you watching yourself. We're proud of you and God bless you. He's a great guy. He talked about growing up in Cleveland, coming from a family of the forgotten men and women that President Trump promised to fight for.
00:28:18
And as a black man, he said he never knew the truth about Republicans growing up. Then was Jeff Van Drew, the former Democratic congressman from South Jersey, who's now a Republican from South Jersey. It wasn't a Democrat party. It left him.
00:28:32
No, no, no. It was the Democrat Party that left him, he did not leave the Democrat Party. Let me phrase that correctly, he he kept his positions the same as the Democrat Party that left him. He raised the question, would Joe Biden be willing and most importantly, able to stand up against the radical forces, the extremists left the way he did during impeachment? I think we all know the answers to that. The convention then went into a powerful video, as I mentioned, of former Democrats.
00:28:58
And I mentioned this. And I just want to say this quote, because I said this very kind of off the cuff, but it's from a former Bernie Sanders supporter. I met this young man tonight, quote, I've always been opposed to war. Now, President Trump is the anti-war candidate by a mile. I've always been pro free speech. Now, President Trump is the only one standing up for free speech by a mile. Then Dana White came.
00:29:18
I love Dana White. He's a man's man. His whole sport is brutal combat. And I think he delivered a phenomenal speech. It was intense. It was directed to the men in our country. I'm not saying that women would not resonate with it, but I don't think he used Dana White to win over suburban voters. I think that's probably pretty fair. I think that's more avuncular Nikki Haley or Kristi Noem. I think they did a great job.
00:29:37
But I think Dana White was like, hey, men of America, step up and take back your country from these people that are destroying it. There's nothing wrong with that, by the way. I think it's phenomenal messaging and very important. So, Dana White, he gave a very powerful monologue on the need to reopen sports and how tirelessly the president worked to achieve that goal. He said, quote, President Trump may be the only president modern times who has actually done everything he promised to do in his campaign.
00:30:00
And look, Dana White is the best league president in the country, maybe the world. He's a total patriot, unlike Roger Goodell, unlike the guy that runs the NBA. Is that Adam Silver, who's a total anti-American pro Chinese agent or the guy that runs baseball? I get them all confused. I still think, like Bud Selig runs baseball, maybe. Anyway, we'll get the it we'll get the exact names. Dana White has the courage to stand with the president, talk about reopening sports.
00:30:26
I loved it. It was intense. You could see just how how animated he was getting about it. And for fans of UFC and of anything that has to do with Dana White, he was very persuasive. I got a ton of positive feedback from that. Also, the probably one of the things that stole the evening tonight was an Dorn, who is the widow of David Dorn, a very touching tribute to a man who is all about service 38 years and the St.
00:30:51
Louis Metropolitan Police Department in six years as chief of police and the Million Acres Police Department, a small community outside of St. Louis. On June 2nd, four officers were shot and others were hit with rocks and fireworks. She said this looters killed him in cold blood and live streamed his execution and his last moments on Earth. My hope, having you relive this moment with me now will help shake the country from this nightmare that we're witnessing in our cities and bring about positive, peaceful change.
00:31:20
Violence and destruction are not a legitimate form of protest. So David Dawn was killed by thugs, criminals. Did we shut down any sports leagues for him? Did LeBron James take a knee for David Dawn? Did the Major League Baseball self-righteous hypocrites walk off the field for David Dawn? Did we paint a plaza that said David DAUn Life's matters? Did corporations donate hundreds of millions of dollars for David Dorn? Now, just David Dorn's life does not matter to BLM, it doesn't matter, LeBron James doesn't matter to Joe Biden.
00:31:57
They don't mention it. They don't mention it at all. And it's incredible. If you want to know the biggest difference on the racial issue in America, do you know that both the Democrat Party and the Republican Party mentioned George Floyd, his name, and also Brianna Taylor's name? However, only the Republican Party mentioned David Dorn's name, which party actually cares about all lives, which party actually cares about the innocent? But a black cop being shot in the street does not matter to the Democrat Party is an inconvenience.
00:32:29
It's an obstacle. It's an annoyance to LeBron James, to LeBron James, a black American, David Dorje, who's a police officer, is the enemy. LeBron James won't say anything about it. Instead, he'll tweet in all caps how they need to cancel the NBA season. David Dawn is worthy of remembrance, he's worthy of learning from because looters killed him in cold blood and they killed him in cold blood because BLM Inc. decided that they have to go riot and loot our entire country.
00:32:58
We decent, reasonable people. That are growing very thin with the arson of America. We have a pressure release valve. The pressure release valve is reelecting President Donald Trump. The press release valve for us is not going in the streets, it's not it's not involving ourselves at this chaos, I just avoided these lunatics. They're very angry, very bitter, very loud. Wanted to tear my head off. In fact, I'm still hearing police sirens as I'm recording this right now, I don't know if you guys can hear that they're literally circling the police for these maniacs in Washington.
00:33:32
Now, our pressure release valve is going to the polls, it's registering voters, turning to family members and saying we don't do that, but we vote. The founding fathers gave us voting, they gave us the process of showing up in a bid to cast a vote ballot box. Because they didn't want civil insurrection like the Democrats are supporting. Joe Biden and his campaign bailed out. Support bailed out BLM, I'm getting the statistics right now. The Joe Biden staff donated to a group that pays bail in riot torn Minneapolis from Reuters.
00:34:14
May 30th, 2020, campaign staff for Democrat presidential candidate Joe Biden are advertising their donations to a group that pay Pei's bail fees in Minneapolis after the city's police jailed people protesting the killing of a black man by a white police officer. At least 13 Biden campaign staff members posted on Twitter on Friday and Saturday that they made donations to the Minnesota Freedom Fund, which opposes the practice of cash, bail or making people pay to avoid pretrial imprisonment. The group uses donations to pay bail fees.
00:34:44
Minneapolis BINDE campaign spokesman Andrew Bate said in a statement that its modern day debtor's prison so Joe Biden and his campaign support bailing out the same type of people that killed David Dawn. That's the Biden campaign. I thought the president was very effective in calling it the Biden Bernie manifesto. It also creates some tension between the Bernie base and Joe Biden. The one thing that I think the president needs to zero in on more in kind of his future addresses, which will be tomorrow, because he can't he does not stop.
00:35:15
Movement is life for him. He continues to campaign is to do more of an appeal for the Bernie Sanders voters to come over. He did a really good job of that in 16. I think he needs to reinforce that even more. I'm going to tell him that both privately and publicly. Again, I thought the speech was phenomenal, not saying this is a criticism, just an add on. And also breaking news tonight, President Trump has successfully flushed Joe Biden out of the basement.
00:35:38
Breaking tonight, the president actually has making Joe Biden campaign escape from Wilmington. This is the front page of. Politico escape from Wilmington. Biden set to finally hit the trail, criticized for hibernating in his basement. The Democrat nominee said he'll start traveling likely after Labor Day. The president of the United States has officially forced Joe Biden into the campaign ring. No longer is this a referendum against President Trump. No longer is this just do you like Trump or not?
00:36:16
Now, this is going to be a choice, America, a choice between a campaign that bails out the terrorists of our cities, a choice between a campaign that stands for law enforcement, that stands around people like Ellen Omar or stands around people like the widow of David Dorn. Senator Tom Cotton was also very effective tonight. It was a foreign policy takedown you'll rarely ever see. Joe Biden is simply awful on foreign policy and Secretary of Defense Secretary of Defense Gates said of Biden, quote, Biden has been wrong on nearly every major foreign policy issue, a national security issue over the last four decades.
00:36:52
Alice Marie Johnson was phenomenal. Tonight, she's the first beneficiary. The first step back 22 years in prison was not wasted. And the and the United States pardoned her while Joe Biden put her in prison and Barack Obama refused to pardon her. Also breaking today was Nancy Pelosi advocates for Joe Biden to not debate Trump. We knew this was coming. We knew the trial balloons have already launched. We knew the Democrats do not want Joe Biden to actually get in front of Donald Trump.
00:37:21
Email me your questions, everybody. Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. It's one 30 Eastern. I avoided a mob, had to wait about an hour to get out of the White House. I wanted to make sure I delivered you guys instant analysis of what kind of some of the thoughts and the analysis that's just deeper than Trump. Good Democrats, bad. We, of course, believe that. But we go a level deeper here on the Charlie Kirk show.
00:37:41
And for those of you that want a signed copy, the Magadha action emails right now for Charlie Crist. Dufka question from Fynn Congratulations. You just want a signed copy. The New York Times best seller, Maggie Doctrine. Since President Trump is the bodyguard of Western civilization, when can we expect what can we expect to happen in the next four years if Trump is reelected to change or diminish the growing anti-American, anti-Western ideology, school choice, which President Trump talked about American exceptionalism curriculum.
00:38:05
And I actually think that will be such a death blow to the American left. Things will actually start to get back to how they were before the left, just fomented with rage that President Trump was president. I really do. I think it would be a death blow metaphorically to the American left. Here's one. Hi, Charlie. I'm a big fan from Cleveland, Ohio. A lot of the speeches from the RNC almost had me in tears. They were so moving.
00:38:25
Which speech was your favorite? Keep up the good work I loved. Alice Johnson was one of my favorite speeches of the entire convention. I actually my favorite speeches were the people that I almost grew up knowing, the Wisconsin dairy farmers, the Wisconsin metal sheet workers, the mayor from Minnesota. I know these people. I grew up in the industrial Midwest. I grew up in the suburbs of Chicago. I grew up just thirty minutes outside of southern Wisconsin.
00:38:47
For me, that actually resonated the most. I like the politicians speeches. The president was, of course, awesome. I thought Melania was terrific. I thought the vice president was awesome. Madison Cawthorn, Kayleigh McEnany, all very moving. But I really thought the everyday heroes stories were terrific. They were off the charts. They were phenomenal. Here's a question. Hi, Charlie. I'm a high school student from Houston, Texas. I was taught from teachers at the Democratic Party.
00:39:10
The Republican Party switched and the Democratic Party was not the party, the KKK. And we're not the ones that oppose the 13th, 14th Amendment. That was, in fact, the Republican Party. I'm confused because I hear Republicans saying the opposite, which which is the truth, partisan. That's what your teachers are lying to. You ask this question of your teacher. Which party cares more about race today? Republicans are Democrats. The answer is Democrats.
00:39:29
Which party's cared about more about race in the 60s? It's Democrats which parties care about more about race in the 1920s, Democrats 1960s race, the sixties. Democrats, the Democrats have always cared more about race. They are a racist party. They're part about keeping people down, keeping expectations down based on skin color, not allowing people to be liberated, and actually vowing actually protecting the rights of the individual and vowing to protect for those rights. Democrats have never been about that.
00:39:58
They've always been about racial identity politics, always have been. I'm going to do another deeper podcast on that. So before you fully answer your teacher, we'll do another podcast on that. But the Republican Party are the party of freeing the slaves women's rights 13th, 14th and 15th Amendment and the Civil Rights Act. If that was true, why is it that as the South got considerably less racist, it got more Republican? If the Democrats were actually correct in their analysis, it would be the opposite.
00:40:26
Lisa says this. Hi, Charlie. How can we keep this momentum and morale going until Election Day? How many people do you think will change from Democrat to Republican because of some of these powerful speeches, the RNC, hundreds of thousands of people, the Republican National Convention was so good. And what will come out of it, as I believe Donald Trump will get a massive boost in the polls. And if we register our friends and family, if we confront micro tyranny, if we get active on social media, if we knock on doors, if you kind of own the precinct that you're in, think small before you think big, knock on your neighbor's doors, know how your family members are going to vote.
00:40:56
That is how we are going to win this election. That is how we are going to make America strong and not give the. He's over to the Terrorist Insurrection Party, which is the Democrat Party. Hears from Bell, I hear a lot about mail in and harvest voting, at what point will we know if it will happen? My understanding is a Pelosi becomes president. This is not true. OK, people talk about this. It will not take till January 20th to get a president.
00:41:21
OK, it's not. And if it does, then I'll be the first one to say I'm wrong. But the Supreme Court will probably not let that happen. Almost assuredly will not let that happen. Everybody, there's so much happening in our country right now. I want to answer your questions. Freedom at Charlie Dotcom, freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. For those of you that are watching on Facebook, there's an easily accessible link right there on the Facebook description for the first 15 people right now that press that that link for the Apple podcast link.
00:41:49
Subscribe and screenshot it and show that your subscribe to us freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. We give you a signed copy, the New York Times bestseller, The Magna Doctrine. Charlie, with momentum, what is the chance the Republicans take control of the House and will the Senate stay in GOP control? I think the Senate will. I think it's ever increasingly likely that Republicans might take over the House. I really do. I think that Republicans are winning support, building momentum, and I think that Republicans have a better chance than ever before to win back the House.
00:42:17
Everybody. I also want to say, you guys got to get involved. A turning point, USA, USA, USA, Dotcom to bring the fight to college campuses. If you're an adult out there watching this, you want to help save the next generation. Go to TPE, USA, Dotcom right now, CPUSA Dotcom. The president delivered a phenomenal address. I had the opportunity to open the convention. I said that President Trump is the bodyguard of Western civilization, and I saw him standing on that stage in front of the White House as he closed the convention, the beginning and the ending.
00:42:47
And he truly is the bodyguard of Western civilization, fighting for our rights, fighting for our history, fighting for the Judeo-Christian ethic, fighting for freedom of speech, for dialogue, for private property rights, for a strong America, for strict immigration, for middle class workers, bodyguards, Western civilization. It's exactly what he did tonight. He talked to the American people and stoic fashion and he said, don't give power to the people that want to bitterly destroy our country.
00:43:14
We're going to talk more about how you guys can get involved and get engaged in getting President Trump four more years. But your call to action is everyone in your sphere of influence. Ask them who they're voting for. Persuade them to vote for President Trump and the Republicans. Stop the arson. Stop the terror. Vote Republican. Four more years of President Trump. Email me your questions, everybody. Freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom Freedom. Charlie Kirk Dotcom, thanks so much for watching.
00:43:38
It's almost 2:00 a.m. on the East Coast. We got to get another podcast produced for you guys and edited God bless you. And consider going to Charlie Kirk Dotcom slash support. If you guys want to help financially support the production of our team, we care so much about our listeners and our viewers. We want to make sure we got this in for you. It was the American dream embodied and personified that myself, a 26 year old, could open this convention, be front row in the White House lawn, looking at that bodyguard of Western civilization and saying only in America is a story like mine possible.
00:44:08
And I think I have you guys to thank for it, for supporting me, for sharing my content and for listening for everything that we do.
00:44:15
God bless you guys. Stay tuned to the Charlie Kirk Show. We have two episodes tomorrow, one on Saturday, once, one on Sunday, two on Monday. We're not resting. We know that you guys won't either. We have a republic to save what a weak President Trump is going to surge in the polls. We have work to do. God bless you. Talk to you soon.







PODCAST13)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts, at least health care.
00:00:09
We always want to give our members more. So now you get unrestricted access to a world of benefits that will help you stay healthy from convenient video calls with a GPS to get prescriptions online to easy access to experts when you finally want to do something about your rapini or dodgy bike. And if you do need to see someone urgently, our clinics are available for minor injuries, all without you needing to put your hand in your pocket. Let's stay on top of your health in every way.
00:00:35
Their health care. Looking after you own this insurance provided by Elipse insurance limited trading is like a health care leya health care limit trading as Leya Health care and life is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Unrestricted benefits are available until the end of August. Fair usage policy applies.
00:00:48
Hey everybody. What exactly is happening with a Chinese coronavirus? Three doctors here on the Charlie Cook Show that you all have heard from Speakout.
00:00:56
This is bold journalism that we are doing here on The Charlie Cook Show.
00:00:59
And when you support us a Charlie Cook dotcom slash report, you allow us to get this message out. Three doctors speak out about hydroxyl chloroquine. The virus masks Foushee and so much more. Buckle up, everybody. Here we go.
00:01:13
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Kirk is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Company, Charlie Cook's run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:01:42
That's why we are here.
00:01:46
Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of the Charlie Kirk Show. I am thrilled to be joined by three doctors, all of whom have been on the Charlie Kirk show in recent months that has been seen by millions and millions of people. Dr. Simon Gold, Dr. James Todaro and Dr. Keith Rose. We are here to talk about the updates of the Chinese coronavirus treatments, what we are being told that might not be true by some of the people that are making decisions.
00:02:14
I'll start with you, Dr. Gold. You came on my podcast first, just one on one, and then you came along side eight other doctors. And that was seen so many millions of times. It's the number one episode we've ever done. Can you just give it an update us an update on how things stand right now on the fight for hydroxyl, chloroquine, and also just some of the misinformation right now going on about the virus. Yes, so thank you so much for having us back.
00:02:39
I we started this kind of a loose consortium of physicians because we are very disturbed the patients can't get access to medications that they need. As you know, hydroxyl chloroquine is an old safe medicine was FDA approved five years ago. We gave it to children. We give it to breastfeeding of pregnant women, nursing mothers and elderly women compromised. And it was the first and only time in American history that a doctor was not being free to prescribe an FDA approved medication.
00:03:07
It's never happened and you can still prescribe it, which is not Frico. But this is so alarming that we decided to get their act together and speak about it. When we came to Washington to share the good news with the American people that there is treatment, there are options, as you know, we will immediately shut down by social media. We've got an 18 or 20 million views in six hours, which just shows that the American public really wants to hear the stuff.
00:03:27
And then we would do platform across all social media. However, the fight to get Hydroxycut Corkman into the hands of the people continues. Doctor, thank you.
00:03:36
Thank you, Dr. Gold. And I want to get into that. But first, I want to hear Dr. Rose, thank you for joining us. Can you talk about what you are seeing as far as these closures of schools? Do you believe that schools should be opened? Can you just give kind of a picture of what is driving people from canceling college athletics and shutting down all of these universities across the country in high schools? You're a medical doctor.
00:04:02
You've been speaking out against this. I must be missing something. I can't understand how anyone can come to the conclusion that we must be closing schools right now.
00:04:09
Well, I called you about this in February. In fact, I remember talked about it early in April. And like Dr. Gold was saying, as physicians, we would really have to suspend everything we have ever learned about viruses and treating infections and epidemics and pandemics to understand what we're dealing with now, because it makes no sense. We know a lot more about this virus than we did back in February when I called you. And at the same time, we noted early on that it didn't affect children and it didn't affect young adults to any significant degree.
00:04:45
The problem is the recent polls show that where people think 30 to 40 percent of the cases are in patients. Forty four years or younger, it's actually three percent. And the more we learn about these viruses, this virus in particular, the more we understand that not only does it not affect kids, but kids aren't a major form of transmission. And you can see that in Sweden and other countries that didn't go through draconian lockdowns. So to answer your question succinctly, the reason I think we're seeing all these school closures is nothing more than a movement that is just not paying attention to any medicine, science or truth, but it's trying to shut down.
00:05:23
The economy through the back door, because I have a lot I have 137 employees throughout my clinics and companies and a lot of them are single mothers. And if the kids are home, it's hard for that mother to teach the child at home and go to work. And we now know and there are several articles that children aren't super spreaders. And the one paper, interesting enough, I believe it came out at Johns Hopkins, said children were super spreaders, had two fatal flaws in it.
00:05:50
One, their idea of children was zero to 22. And the second thing was they didn't test for transmissibility of the disease. They were just looking for virus present. And I think that's where it started all in the beginning. We seem to be looking at positive cases, not active disease. It seems to be to sum it up on wishful thinking, we're trying to prove everything that is not going to happen. Good. And everything that could possibly happen bad.
00:06:15
And it, like Dr. Evil said, it doesn't make any sense.
00:06:18
So, Dr. Todora, you I want to read one of the tweets you just recently sent out, which has Dr. Fauci engaged any of the doctors who have spent the last five months closely researching and or treating patients with hydroxyl chloroquine? The answer seems to be no. It doesn't seem like Dr. Fauci is interested in collaboration, the backbone of advancing medicine. Can you elaborate on that?
00:06:39
Yes. This is something really, in my opinion, I've seen since March where there are doctors who are using hydroxy Forkan very early, doing active research on hydroxy chloroquine. And yet really from the get go, we saw a lot of pushback from Dr. Fauci, the NIH, the World Health Organization and all these people, instead of trying to collaborate and understand what these frontline doctors experiences are with this drug. What the research is. Instead, they seem to be very dismissive of it.
00:07:06
And you think that by now, Dr. Fauci would have talked with Dr. Zelenko, Dr. Raul, in the south of France and many other frontline physicians who are actually treating patients. And instead, it's just very dismissive when he kind of uses their debulked studies or studies or basically online surveys like the two that came out of Minnesota. And it's it's really disheartening to see someone that high up in the NIH responsible for billions of dollars of research, not collaborating with actual physicians on the ground who are seeing success with this treatment.
00:07:36
So I want to follow up, Dr. Todaro. A lot of people have emailed us and they're getting people are getting really restless. We feel as if we're being lied to. We feel as if we are being misdirected. Can you tell us why? That's the number one thing that I get from people. They say, well, people wouldn't be lying because no one would. There would be no incentive to lie about this. Tell us why we are.
00:07:54
No, this is a number one thing I get is from decent and reasonable people. They think that, well, there's no reason why Dr. Fauci would lie to us. He just wants what's best for the country. Can you help pick up this? Because I think actually, if we can get into the intentions of what some of these people may or may not have financially or otherwise, we might actually pick apart why they want to destroy our country by keeping us perpetually locked down.
00:08:18
Absolutely. So I think the two major incentives, it's probably a combination of them, and I think that different kind of campaigns of misinformation are coming from different perspectives, but I think it looks political and then Big Pharma. OK, we all know the politics of it. If the economy is continually locked down, if everything is shut down leading into the election, that's it's not going to be a good state of affairs. OK, but I think even more money is at stake from a big pharmaceutical perspective.
00:08:44
We have companies that stand to make billions upon billions of dollars off this pandemic. OK, I did an article about three weeks ago about Chiliad specifically because at that time they were one of the companies that was really most in direct competition with Hydroxy Corp. went on coming up with a treatment for covid-19. And it was very interesting how when Hydroxycut when enter the scene. So when the president first mentioned in that March 19 press conference, Giulietta stock plummeted. It fell about eight point seven percent within hours after that announcement and continue to essentially raise twenty one billion dollars from the company's market cap early next week.
00:09:22
So that's how much money is at stake. And that's just one pharmaceutical company. And the sad thing is they're probably not even the ones to stand the biggest profit off this pandemic. We're really looking at a vaccination campaign that's underway and some states are already talking as if they're going to make this vaccine absolutely mandatory. The first FDA approved vaccine mandatory, and this could be in a few months. So we know the safety studies are not going to be great.
00:09:44
We're not even going to really have enough time to determine whether the vaccine is very effective, if it's effective at all. And you're going to have states rolling this out. And even if it's a cheap vaccine or low cost, the government is either going to spend a ton of money for that vaccine and just the breadth of how many people are going to receive this vaccine, potentially billions and billions of dollars, whether you're working from home or working on your fitness, you want what you're listening to to be actually what you're listening to, not what your roommates or your children are listening to.
00:10:12
Before you drop a hundred dollars on the next pair of earbuds, check out the wireless earbuds from Rakan. You already know retcon ear buds start about half the price of any other premium wireless ear buds on the market. Their newest model, the everyday twenty five earbuds, are the best ones yet with six hours of play time, seamless Bluetooth pairing more bass and a more compact design that gives you a nice noise. Isolating fit Reykjanes wireless earbuds are so comfortable, perfect for conference calls or bingeing on podcasts like the Charlie Kirk Show.
00:10:38
So you go to break on dotcom salesclerk that's broken dotcom slash. Everyone of the Charlie Kirk show uses right on earbuds. They're terrific. Unlike some of your other wireless options. Right on earbuds are both stylish and discrete, with no dangling wires or stems to distract anyone during video calls. Let's break on dotcom slash Kirk berec on dotcom slash Kirk.
00:10:58
So so, Dr. Gold, Virginia is planning mandatory vaccines for all residents. Let's not even get into the constitutionality or the legality of it. Would you argue that there's already a treatment out there that can work, that is currently not being talked about hydroxyl chloroquine, but why wouldn't they want people to use that? It seems every time I mention it, Dr. Gold, I either get thrown off of some sort of platform. People say that I have no idea what I'm talking about.
00:11:26
What what is it that we are missing in the national conversation when it comes to hydroxy chloroquine? You know, I speak about this publicly because not only is it so bizarre, no one's talking about how bizarre it is, we've never had the situation in America. There's a safe, cheap, worldwide effective medication that can be scaled up enormously. Billions of dosages available cost less than ten dollars a treatment, and everyone's pretending to not notice that it's available.
00:11:51
It is fundamentally irrational to take an untested, unproven remedy when you have something that's been around for six and a half decades. It makes no sense. I would never advocate that for a physician as a physician. And I dare any physician to tell me that it's in a patient's self-interest to take something untested, unproven over something with the 65 year old track record.
00:12:14
That's that's I mean, and you're exactly right. And so I I'm just I'm just trying to get to the bottom of how we are able to communicate this more effectively. So, Dr. Rose, you and I talked in February. You made three predictions. I just want to establish your credibility even further here. You said this virus has been in America much longer than they're telling us. And that is now a widely, let's say, recognized fact. It's probably came around January.
00:12:39
Even some people say as early as October or November. Number two, you said lockdown's are the dumbest epidemiological idea we've ever done and will ever do, and this will destroy the backbone of our country. And the third thing that you said, which was really, really interesting, is that Dr. Fauci is compromised and you should not trust this guy. Can you talk more about that? Because it seems like even though he's kind of been deemphasized, he's still calling a lot of the shots.
00:13:03
And Joe Biden has said now we're going to shut down the country again if that's what it takes. Schools are not open. Dr. Doctorow's wonder, when are people once the right time to push back against this?
00:13:15
Well, Charlie, the right time is now. And it has been. But I have I'm going to take you really briefly through the evolution of this, because you can hear it in Dr. Gold's voice. Her passion is legitimate and rational. Honest, virtuous human being, not a person looks at this as a doctor and says this has been wrong from the beginning, yet we are we have a medicine that has been shown to show great success in treating this disease.
00:13:45
And we are putting that on the bench and we're rushing through vaccines which take years to develop. And we've had disasters in the development of vaccines in the history of this country. But if you look back to March, you had an article come out in Nature magazine and it was fascinating and it was a very well done article, peer reviewed on Hydroxycut Quent. And it said No. One, it was safe for short term use. Number two, it showed efficacy and it worked.
00:14:12
And SARS covid two. And the third thing which was interesting is that has an anti inflammatory characteristic which now covid-19 is shown to cause clots and inflammation, cytokine cascade. So it checked off all the boxes, but so it had a lot of forward moving progress. Like James mentioned earlier, that the studies against Hydroxycut, when there's basically been 14 studies that have said it was bad, ten of them were all done in the late stage of the disease, which no one says that it has great efficacy for.
00:14:47
Two of them were out of Minnesota and were debunked. One of them was out of Brazil. That was debunked and that's when Dr. Foushee was pushing. But this is where everything can be tied together and comes down to the nefarious nature of this. The last study, the one that got everyone to pump the brakes on Hydroxycut when it came out of The Lancet. Now, The Lancet is a very respected medical journal. But as you know, I work around the world and I have a lot of friends living around the world.
00:15:14
So I I pulled up the Lancet study and I will tell you from reading it. Then I looked into the authors and then I did some deep dive and I couldn't find it in the US papers. I couldn't find it in the U.S. media. But I do have a lot of connections in India and Pakistan. So I went to their meetings and I pulled up some articles and what it showed not the doctors that are on your show will understand this.
00:15:39
I've published, I think, 15 plus papers and peer review journals. When you publish a paper, it doesn't happen overnight. You go through peer review boards, you go through IRB institutional review boards, you have editorial staffs now. And that's just for your average journal. I can't even imagine what it's like to get a paper published in The Lancet. There were three authors on this paper. The lead author is the head of Cardiovascular Center at Brigham and women at Harvard.
00:16:09
I mean, this guy is very well published. He's an editor of a journal. He's the head of a society. I mean, this is a very well published guy. They did a report, 96000 thousand plus patients and their conclusions. And I have it in front of me here were that Hydroxy Corkman not only didn't appear to work and you got to look at the word smithing and all of this, because I'll get to that in a second, because a lot of this coming out from medical boards is wordsmith didn't appear to work.
00:16:36
In fact, it potentially could cause grave consequences. And and I'm paraphrasing, but I can read the exact words. So then everyone looked at the study and said, wait a second, we got to stop it, stop clinical trials. Every medical society put out the sky is falling to every doctor. I mean, I'm sure the other doctors on the show got stuff from their state, medical associations, from their boards, etc. And everyone was saying, pump the brakes.
00:17:03
But within two weeks, people started looking at this study and here's where it gets nefarious. No one talks about they started looking at the design of this study. You know, Dr. Ioannidis Granita from Stanford, he was the first one to see this back in 2005 and was called the crisis of Reproducibility on studies where you would get studies but you couldn't reproduce them. So we went towards a evidence based study. And then you look at the design of the study.
00:17:29
So people approaching it from that aspect looked at the design of this study and they looked at those ninety six thousand patients and they ask obvious questions besides the fact that they were using high doses, older patients, etc. They just said, we'd like to see the medical records, Charlie. They could not produce one medical record. It came from a company. And this is an Indian newspaper that and I crosschecked all this called Sergius Fear. It has six employees.
00:17:56
It's based out of Chicago, Illinois. They did all the big data crunch because everyone knows they don't have enough people to do this magnitude of a study. So they use, quote, EHI. And if you look at their staff, the head of their scientific writing division that probably he wrote the paper is kind of Ben Rhodes Esq. He is a science fiction writer, the head of their marketing. Besides, that job works part time as, quote, an adult model.
00:18:23
No, it's a porn star. And so that's kind of an interesting thing because it's funny and it's Trad.. Because they could not produce one medical record in the one country they said they work with one group in Scotland said it wasn't true. So now here's where you wind up. People stopped using hydroxy chloroquine. And I'm telling you right now, as a physician who's seen it work based on my experience and I'm not unique in any of this, when they did that, that's that's more than nefarious.
00:18:56
I think some places would look at that as murder. I mean, I don't know any other way to say you're not using something that shows potential effect.
00:19:03
Could I could I ask you a couple of things we are so honored to have on this phone call Dr. Todora, who is actually one of the people who investigated what's become known as Lancet. So I'm so glad that you brought that up and we could have gone further. But I just want to continue with that. Dr. Rawal, who's the famous virologist in France, just wrote a letter to New England Journal of Medicine one day ago and called The Corruption in the Scientific Journals.
00:19:27
He likened it to a Marx Brothers movie. He sent this to the New England Journal of Medicine. He has one hundred and forty thousand six hundred and forty thousand citations and Google scholar and they won't even print it. The corruption, the scientific journals is legendary.
00:19:41
Doctorow has over 400 bacteria after him or his name. Yeah, he's he's very well published. But Charlie, what Dr. Goldstein is. This is beyond a scandal. This is this is corruption, not in politics, where you caught someone doing something. This is corruption in the scientific realm where we have to get it right or at least be able to say we got it wrong and they're pushing it to the back of the line and people are paying the price.
00:20:07
So everyone is.
00:20:08
That's well said. Doctorow's. Dr. Todora, you're one of the first people to blow the whistle on the Lancet study. Right. And can you can you fill in even more exactly what Dr. Rose is talking about? And look, I just want to be very clear here, though. Most people don't believe that you guys are saying you have to. Also, you have to you have to tell the motivations here. Most people will discount you guys as baseless on this.
00:20:33
They say, why would anyone do something like this to no.
00:20:35
Doctor Mayer, the head guy on that study, is supported by I think he has a disclosure statement. He receives the maximum that he can get on disclosing. It says greater than 5000 from over 10 or 15 pharmaceutical companies. The Lancet is supported by those companies. I mean, this is this goes really deep.
00:20:55
Mm hmm. Dr. Todaro, can you fill in the gaps? A couple of comments like he did a good job describing Lance. And so I wrote a play paper at the end of May called A Study Out of Thin Air, because that's where the study essentially came from, just out of thin air. And so I won't go into the detail of the study, which seems so well covered. But just for your listeners who are saying, oh, we don't know if we believe them or not, the editor in chief of The Lancet.
00:21:16
So Richard Horton himself called the study a monumental fraud. OK, so this is not something that was flawed methodology of a study. This is a five year study and that's that's universally known now within the mainstream media, gives that very much attention. No, they don't. But that is well known. Secondly, as Keith was talking about, these medical journals, including The Lancet, receive a large part of their publishing revenue from pharmaceutical companies is actually funny.
00:21:39
I was just on The Lancet's website a couple of weeks ago. And at the top banner, there's an advertising for product. I mean, that's just that's that's where these these medical journals get their money from pharmaceutical companies. And it's been known for about 17 years that pharmaceutical companies really, to an extent, control what is published in these journal. So Richard Horton, again, the editor in chief of The Lancet, is in that position for a couple of decades, said in 2003 that the control the pharmaceutical companies have where they can publish is unbelievable.
00:22:08
They're essentially marketing machines for Big Pharma and even less publicly said now, which probably just means that the pharmaceutical companies even have more control so much that it can only be said in closed door meetings between editor in chief of the New England Journal of Medicine and The Lancet, how much control and influence the pharmaceutical companies have over them.
00:22:26
And this was stated by a very prominent former minister of health in France who said this a few weeks ago in a leaked meeting that the New England Journal of Medicine editor in chief was complaining about the corruption that's going on in these medical journals.
00:22:39
And that's Dr Destabilises, a former French health minister. You can Google it.
00:22:46
Who's your wireless provider, AT&T, Verizon or T-Mobile? What if I told you that pure talk USA has the exact same network as one of those carriers. Same tower, same exact coverage, but literally costs you half. I know it sounds crazy. When I first heard about your talk, I thought this is too good to be true. But then I looked at the customer reviews and I met the people that use it. Eugene from Granbury, Texas, had good service having any problems in our travels since giving up on AT&T, we don't really feel there's any difference in the level of service or quality accessibility.
00:23:10
We're getting ready to put the service on our iPads. Switching is so easy you can keep your phone and they'll send you a SIM card so you can get the same great service you currently have. But at half the price. Listen to this unlimited talk, text and two gigs of data for just twenty dollars a month. The average person is saving four hundred dollars a year. So why is it so much cheaper than AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile? No retail stores, no billion dollar year ad campaigns, no value adds to your contract.
00:23:33
They end underpaying for their customer service is right here in the U.S. and their CEO is a U.S. veteran who loves his country. Here's the deal. Unlimited talk, unlimited text, plus two gigs of data for just twenty dollars a month. All you do is grab your mobile phone. They'll pound 250. Say the key word, Charlie Kirk. That's pound to fifty. Say the key word. Charlie Kirk. What? When you do, you'll say fifty percent off your first month.
00:23:54
Well, Dr. Gold. So it's time to open America. Obviously hydroxyl chloroquine. You are an advocate for what is the biggest barriers from this happening? What are the action steps that need to happen? People are growing restless. Their businesses are closing. They are losing their life savings. Their kids are not in school. Young people are suffering from depression and suicide, alcoholism, drug usage. And I'm just I'm going to be very honest with you guys.
00:24:18
I think that we as citizens have played way too patient the last couple of months. We're allowing our civilization to decay in front of us. Dr. Gold, what are some pragmatic steps that need to happen? Who needs to do what when for this to for this nonsense to be reversed?
00:24:33
First of all, everybody needs to stop calling this a pandemic and a virus that we're responding to. We are in this situation we're in because of the lockdown and because of rules that the governors are putting into place. We are essentially at the end of the pandemic. When you look at all the worldwide curves, we're flat. We're at the bottom. We're we're very. Or at the tail end of this, the problems now are manmade political made, they're made by different governors were put in place very restrictive and onerous restrictions that are essentially unconstitutional.
00:25:01
And I want to emphasize as doctors that these lockdowns are so harmful for people from the harmful to the physical health, the harmful to the psychological health. And we know that this is a fraud because the group that they're focusing on so much, the schools, is particularly ludicrous. There really is no problem for children if you didn't lock down last year for influenza and why in the world would you be locking down this year for covid, which is a much lower death rate than influenza?
00:25:25
It makes no sense. It should be obvious to everyone that this is not scientifically based and citizens. Honestly, I think Charlie needs to rise up and refuse to comply with these procedures. As a practical matter, if you're living in a state where your schools are closed, under no circumstances should you be participating in that to pull your children out of school, you can form micro schools. I heard you talk about that. You can get together by families, my friends, like, oh, that's a lot of work.
00:25:47
It's not a lot of work compared to them sending your kid home every two weeks when some kid in the class tested positive. It's easier to be a structured online schooling environment. You can control the situation that can be in class online, nine to 12, nine to one, then they can do sports during the afternoon or see the friends. You need to not participate to the extent that you can pull yourself out of government mandates that make no sense.
00:26:09
So, Dr. Gold, I want to just follow up with you really quick. Can you give an update on how you're doing? Your website kept on getting pulled down. I believe you got fired from your job because you spoke out. A lot of our audience cares deeply about you. Can you give some sort of update? Are you doing OK? Thank you. As a matter of fact, I'm honored by the overwhelming support and to give that love back to the people we put on our website, which I had to rebuild.
00:26:34
And if you can find it now in the FLDS, the acronym for America's Frontline doctors, you can actually find a way to find doctors. What's the website again? Holleman.
00:26:42
It's a AEF, LDS dot com doctors dot com, OK, FLDS dot com. And you can look for the CQ map and on there you can find your state. And if you scroll down, you can find a telemedicine doctor who's Hydroxycut with knowledgeable promises to our Hydroxycut. More knowledgeable and you can help yourself. It is Charlie and everybody is listening. If you let go of the fear, knowing that there's treatment available, should you need it, you'll be able to go back to your normal life and shrug off the dictatorial edicts of our governors.
00:27:17
Dr. Rose, you want to add to that? Also, what are we missing from our leaders right now?
00:27:23
And I want to add on to what Dr. Cole said, because she's spot on.
00:27:27
But I I've been looking at what I get from my medical society, what I've been seeing from my board. And the interesting thing is every medical society. And so people I hope everyone's paying attention because this is a way to take your country back tomorrow. Every medical society, every board has a covid-19 task force and they list the names of those physicians on the covid-19 task force. Every county doctor that's making recommendations to a county judge has a medical license and you will know who that doctor is and they list their names.
00:28:04
I think Charlie and I'm not a big fan of this, but I think this is what it was designed for. If the American people if you have a loved one that had that had covid-19 tried to get Hydroxycut and were denied. I think the best way to understand what's going on would be to get with an attorney class action. You know, who these doctors are, that if they're making the recommendations, then I think they can support that. They can support that, because in discovery, you can find out if they have written that prescription for anyone, because all prescriptions are electronic.
00:28:39
You don't have to know who they wrote it for, but you can find out if they're recommending not using it, but writing it. I think we need to know if they've had it written for themselves, because I know several doctors who have gone along with saying we can't write it, who have written it for themselves, family members, etc.. So I think the time is look in great point in medicine, it's premature. I'm gonna say first, do no harm.
00:29:03
And the best way to understand how county judges are talking to county doctors is in an open in a request. If it has to be in a courthouse or an Open Information Act request, why don't you find out their emails and who they're talking to? Is the front group pushing them?
00:29:19
Send an email to info at a f l. D. S. We are actively looking for plaintiffs. Those would be patients who've attempted to get hydroxyl chloroquine whose pharmacists said they wouldn't it, or doctors who've been writing for it and were thwarted by pharmacists. We're actively looking for the plaintiffs info AFL.
00:29:39
The best outcome I think that would be our next growth industry is you're going to see people on in about two or three months going, did you try to get Hydroxycut or Quinten were denied, but not just the doctors, but the medical societies, the boards empowering them? Here's the thing, Charlie. What you're seeing from the Lancet, what James showed so clearly is you're seeing corruption at the highest level and no one seems to care. The guy that was the first author on that paper still has a job.
00:30:12
And I got to tell you, I mean, anyone that's been in academic medicine, that wouldn't happen. We're canceling people for words. And these folks put those words in a journal, told us it was true. And I think possibly I'll use their special language cost thousands of lives.
00:30:32
Dr. Todaro, according to a FOIA request and this is citing Pastor Rob McCoy. Dr. Rosen, I both know him quite well. He said that a FOIA request in Thousand Oaks, California, revealed that there were 102 deaths with the Chinese coronavirus, but only two of the Chinese coronavirus. Now, this doctor rose to talk about this and saying, as I know, he's familiar with this data as well. But I'm just hoping this is a broader conversation.
00:30:56
Dr. Todaro, are all these numbers should we take exactly as they are being told or is there a difference between dying with and dying from?
00:31:04
What are we missing here when it comes to the how we're interpreting the data and communicating the data? Yes.
00:31:10
So absolutely, there's dying with Koven and dying from covid, and especially when you're talking about people in nursing homes or maybe near the last stretch of their life, you know, they have a very high mortality rate with or without.
00:31:23
And so you have to turn. We already know and we've had health commissioner and Penn State say this, that patients will die of something that is obviously not covid, but because they have Cauvin, that's they're dying. That goes as little as another notch on the death list for covid. So that's absolutely happening across the board. I think looking back, we'll be able to compare of all cause mortality and see how many are we're really from covid and make those assessments comparing, let's say, 20, 20 to the averages in 2017, 2018, 2019.
00:31:55
But, yeah, there's there's absolutely I think that there's an exaggeration of deaths from covid-19 in our fast paced world.
00:32:04
It's tough to make reading a priority. At least it used to be a new app called Thinker has solved that problem by summarizing the key ideas from new and noteworthy nonfiction, giving you access to an entire library of great books in bite sized form. Read or listen to hundreds of titles in a matter of minutes, including old classics like Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, the recent bestsellers like Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life. If you want to challenge your preconceptions, expand your horizons and become a better thinker, go to think.
00:32:29
Tergat let's try and cargo's Charlie to start an extended free trial and put your mind in motion.
00:32:38
So, Dr. Todaro, can you talk also about other deaths that we are seeing? I mean, another issues that you might be analyzing from your position of suicide, alcoholism, are there other health issues going on that we might have self-inflicted here? Because the lockdown's. Absolutely different from frontline doctor, some of the great talk by a psychiatrist who is seeing many of these families and children who are dealing with these lockdowns, and it's no surprise that this has a huge effect on kids, on my kids, where everyone's now, if these kids are afraid of this invisible disease, they're not allowed to go hug their grandparents anymore.
00:33:12
They're not allowed to play with other kids if they do try to keep a mask on a two year old in a lot of these a lot of states are just this unbelievable.
00:33:20
And it's it's having a psychological impact on kids, on adults. A lot of people are drinking more. You're sitting at home, you know, out of a job maybe. And so, absolutely, you're seeing this. And this child psychiatrist is talking about how kids are fighting more with their siblings. They are entertained by going to school anymore. And so it's absolutely having a dramatic effect on those and those processes.
00:33:43
Simon, what are your thoughts on that? There's no question in terms of a lockdown, the lockdown is so harmful to Americans, there is one hundred and fifty thousand cancer screenings that went missing and the list is just endless. You know, I just maybe I am being too general, but this whole thing is just such a hoax. It reminds me of a fable when we were young. The emperor has no clothes.
00:34:06
The Emperor has no clothes. There's no reason for us to be living like this. The disease affects people severely who have multiple comorbid conditions. Also, frequently, they're much older. Those patients are in jeopardy. They come down covid, but the vast majority of Americans are not in jeopardy. They come down covid. And if they do test positive and they do have symptoms, we have medication that works. So I don't even understand what this is. And Americans need to start understanding that their way of life is being threatened for no reason.
00:34:37
I like to sometimes say there could be a reason to act like this. That reason would be a drug, a disease like smallpox. Smallpox is very lethal, very contagious.
00:34:45
All right. This is not that covid-19 overwhelmingly does not kill people overwhelmingly. And I'm not saying it doesn't exist.
00:34:54
I'm an emergency doctor. Take care of many patients with covid, but the ones that do badly are the ones that are near the end of life due to multiple comorbid conditions. And I've lost a friend to the virus.
00:35:05
It's a real thing. But Keefe's and it's a tragic thing. But however, Keith, you made the argument to address it. Since when have we ever quarantined the healthy is whose idea was this? I mean, I just looking at this as a non-scientist, I'm just logically, I can't even come to the conclusion of I just shared the lockdown's and the social distancing.
00:35:27
A lot of folks, if they heard our first podcast back in April, know that a lot of these ideas came out of that paper out of New Mexico where one of the authors, daughter, who was actually second author on the paper, wrote a paper in high school on social distancing and talked about is back during the Bush administration, talked about the potential how you would treat a pandemic. And it was her idea. I think that's where they got social distancing and possibly lockdown.
00:35:54
But, Charlie, the thing that every American should look at is why do we have so much on wishful thinking? Why are we ignoring what's right in front of our eyes? And why are we pushing that even harder? Because what we can't ignore what these county judges have done with these lockdowns. Here are the hard facts. We know there's a thirty five percent increase in domestic abuse because we have people that are home with their abusers and they can't leave.
00:36:22
We know we have massive increases in suicides, overdoses, alcoholism. We know that when people are afraid, they don't cortisol in their body, which is what caused exacerbation of very common diseases and make them much worse. You know, if you read there's a journal called Modern Health Care, and basically it's a business medical journal. Hospitals are posting record numbers as far as a revenue because people aren't seeking care. I mean, someone even went off to say that basically covid-19 has made it better for heart attack patients and strokes.
00:37:00
No, they're just too afraid to go in and be seen and they're dying at home.
00:37:03
May I add something to add something, Charlie, about the quarantine issue? People forget that I'm a lawyer. I went to Stanford University Law School. There is no legal precedent in our country for quarantining the healthy. It simply doesn't exist. It's unconstitutional. There's a case directly on point in California. California's Supreme Court ruled on this exact issue in the era of bubonic plague. Around nineteen hundred. There's a case named Joon-ho, the plaintiff's name is JSW.
00:37:27
And in that time, the public health commissioner of San Francisco tried to lock down 12 city blocks because there were 15 cases or so a bubonic plague. And this went all the way up to the California Supreme Court. The California Supreme Court said, no, you cannot lock down. I think it was twelve thousand healthy people from socializing and going to work and living their lives because there's bubonic plague in the area, it cannot be done. There is no legal precedent for allowing the government to quarantine healthy people.
00:37:55
And there's plenty of legal precedent saying we cannot there needs to be court cases brought. Even October 19 will be over. We need there's precedent established. This is clear to me that eleven eighteen is merely a dress rehearsal. We need there's precedent established that this cannot happen again.
00:38:11
Yes. Go ahead, Dr. Rosen. I want to ask Dr. Todaro something. Go ahead.
00:38:14
Dr. Gold spoke about smallpox at the start of this country. There was a smallpox epidemic. The British were they weren't affected because they were all immune, but the colonies were. And Washington had to make the decision whether to try to immunize the army or not. And he actually made it illegal to immunize the army, which they would scrape a scab and they would use a needle and immunize each other.
00:38:38
Then he realized he was losing most of the continental forces or potentially was going to lose them. So he allowed for immunization. He reversed course. He recognized. What was going on, and he reversed course, and that's a disease that kills a third of everyone that gets it. He could have wiped out the whole army, but he did it for the chance to fight for freedom. And I think we need to remember that there is a risk benefit to everything.
00:39:02
The risk of covid-19, we're finding out, is less and less every day. And there's more and more therapeutic options.
00:39:10
And but the benefit of getting out and starting up our economy is critical. And we need to get out and start. Everyone should just go out. There should be mass civil disobedience, open the country. And that's the only way we're going to get back or we won't have the chance for that freedom.
00:39:27
So, Dr. Todaro, can you tell us just from looking at the data, maybe we don't have it available, but I'm sure you have some idea of the death rate this year versus the death rate the last couple of years. Have we seen an increase in the death rate at all or has the death rate been somewhat unchanged?
00:39:43
So this is something that I've just started diving into recently. It's been a busy week, but it looks like compared to twenty nineteen, so the first thirty two weeks of twenty nineteen was twenty twenty, that there is an uptick in the number of deaths in this year compared to last year. I'm not comparing this to twenty eighteen or twenty seventeen. So it's, I think there's no doubt that covid-19 caused some degree of excess mortality. The question is how much.
00:40:07
And I'm actually looking forward to doing that data analysis over the next few days.
00:40:11
I do have something I want to talk about, though, that has to do with lockdowns is actually a piece of, I think, really good news that the mainstream media is not covering and not getting near the attention it should be. And this has to do with t cell immunity, herd immunity. OK, so this is a very active area of research that's been going on for the past four to eight weeks. And it's around T cells. And from a high level of T cells are part of the adaptive immune system that helps you respond to specific diseases.
00:40:38
You have cells for antibodies and then T cells. And what the new research is showing is that T cells from blood samples from before the pandemic. So blood samples from people from twenty nineteen when exposed to sars-cov-2 the novel coronavirus, the T cells are specifically reacting to that, to the new virus. And what this implies is that there's a degree of protective immunity for a large percentage of the population. And these studies vary on the exact percentage, but it's around 50 percent.
00:41:07
OK, and so this is critically important. This means about 50 percent of people might have some degree of immunity versus coronavirus. And so this immune system is very complex and the T and T something and just one part of it. But if you take this knowledge, this new research and plug it into what we're seeing in the real world, it starts to make sense. Know, one of the big questions is why are nearly 50 percent of people asymptomatic yet test positive for coronavirus?
00:41:32
Well, do they have the T cell immunity that's being able to attack was infected cells and eradicate them before the person even developed symptoms? Now, this has huge implications on herd immunity, because if someone's asymptomatic is a much lesser chance, they're going to spread the disease. So we have 50 percent of people that are partially or maybe even fully protected from the disease. You don't have to reach that 60 to 70 percent. There's so many infectious disease experts and epidemiologists we're talking about.
00:41:58
So they all said you have to be 60 to 70 percent of people infected to reach this herd immunity threshold. And that's a lot of people infected. But what we're seeing the real world is it's not hitting that level. We're seeing city after city around the entire world hit about 20 percent prevalence based on antibody testing in cases against decline. That's beginning to decline. And this happened in Lombardy. This happened in London, Madrid, Geneva, York City, Stockholm.
00:42:22
And, you know, the lockdown advocates will sit and say, oh, well, that's because we did lockdown the masks. But we all know lockdown mandates and masks came at different times. Get so many of these areas that the 20 percent and we know as a control and I'm sure you've talked about it, the Sweden did not mandate lockdown, did not mandate masks. And again, Stockholm, 20 percent affected cases began to decline. That began to decline.
00:42:44
And today, there's less than one death per day in Sweden. And so if you combine this 50 percent that have some partial or full immunity already prior to the pandemic to about 20 percent that are newly infected, you know, a decent percentage of the population that may be partially or fully immune to coronavirus. And so this would mean that many parts of the country, especially the areas that were hardest hit, might be able to open up safely. And there could be New York City and so many other other cities around the world that aren't seeing that second wave of deaths.
00:43:14
And so I think this is huge. In addition to the new therapeutics we have, this information needs to get out there. It's being suppressed, both of the mainstream media and censorship on Twitter, but also actually at the level of academic journals. So there's also yes. So there's biomass petition to put out a great study looking at a value in the mathematical models for why we're hitting 20 percent. Their articles rejected from every scientific journal. And the reason being in the journal said that she quoted in her tweet is that it's because we don't want to give people the idea that maybe.
00:43:46
It could justify reopening. OK, that's the whole reason I have to be able to discuss science openly and that's going on. Go ahead.
00:43:56
The T cells will open the schools. Charlie Tube is exactly what James is saying. The T cells start in the bone marrow. They go to the thymus and they they go from the thymus out in the body and the T cells. A lot of kids are exposed to different there's several types of coronavirus. There are four types that are just basically the common cold. And that's what those T cells recognize. And that's why I think we're not seeing a lot more younger and more it's worse and older because the thymus will involution shrink over time as a person gets older.
00:44:26
So the T cell research is being done. Now is the one of the strongest pillars for opening schools, showing that kids have prior immunity. And and not only makes sense, it makes it just fits perfectly scientifically. And what we know with with our body chemistry really, really paying attention to really plain and simple kids have more t cell activity than grown ups.
00:44:50
And what kids are not getting sick from this. Connect the dots. So. Exactly.
00:44:56
So I want to ask something about getting immunity, either Dr Keith or Dr. Gold. Some people are saying in Hong Kong someone's getting the virus twice that they've gotten. Is that possible? Is that ever happened? In the case of viruses, there's more and more news articles that are saying this.
00:45:15
The if you look at the studies and I'm probably someone probably knows more about this than I do. But the studies I've looked at where they're getting the virus twice again, what does getting the virus mean? Is that a positive test? Because we know that the test, a lot of them are false positives and they test for shredded virus or broken up viral particles. We're not seeing repeat infections. And you can look at countries that weren't locked down. Sweden has a great study just showing that, showing the graphs.
00:45:42
In fact, if you look across the board right now, the greatest case for immunity is looking at every group and every state that's not locking down hard and opening up because all their death rates are going down. When you look at posit positive case, it doesn't mean anything. You have to look further than that's just a vanity metrics.
00:46:01
Go ahead.
00:46:01
I just keep it really simple. Like the exception proves the rule. Do you understand that? You know, we people get influenza A sometimes. They also get influenza B, but they can recover. Overwhelmingly, people recover from this virus or they were asymptomatic to begin with.
00:46:15
So I have a few things to say. Teleca, you're really on top of things to this like pressingly release, I think that came out today, yesterday. So what he's talking about is a person from Hong Kong was infected with Coronavirus from March, got reinfected in August. So one hundred forty two days later, I think there's some important parts of this. So he had experienced the disease in March. He was symptomatic this most recent time of reinfection.
00:46:39
He was asymptomatic, OK, no symptoms. All he had was an inflammatory marker that bumped up a little bit hyperkalemia, which is potassium. And then he had he developed the antibodies right after that. So that's the only evidence that really had that he had a second effect. And it's really important to note it was asymptomatic. He likely had t cells, maybe not only antibodies, but the T cells was able to fight this infection before it actually developed symptoms.
00:47:04
And I have not seen any evidence that he actually spread that disease to other people. I did not see that in the press release. But that's kind of what I'm talking about. Herd immunity is you have the people that if they even if they were infected and able to eradicate the disease, then they're not coughing. They don't we're not projecting the viral particles to other people and getting others infected.
00:47:21
So let's go really quick, Dr. Rose. Let's go around the horn. So go Doctorow's Dr. Gold and then we'll finish with with one more final comment. Go ahead. Well, I think, you know, I had H1N1, I was in the Middle East in 2009, and so I kept the whole file on it because I was really sick and I thought I was going to die. I just found that file the other day. And it was interesting from the CDC and from our state medical association said that it was in November and I'll send it to you because I have it said, don't we don't need to test anymore for H1N1.
00:47:56
If you find a patient, just treat them. They didn't even want to know who was positive or not. So why? And that was horrific, I guess.
00:48:05
But, Dr. Young, really quick, they say it's because you could be an asymptomatic spreader. That's what they said made this one different. But it's actually true.
00:48:12
Well, they say a lot, but I'm just I'm just playing devil's advocate here.
00:48:16
I'm just saying this is not the only problem is an asymptomatic spreader doesn't produce enough viral load in the studies that actually look at it. And if you're not producing viral load, you're only asymptomatic spread, which is probably 24 to 48 hours prior to active symptoms, is on a spouse or an intimate contact. Not in the workplace. Not in the school. So the asymptomatic spreader, just to use plain term, is not really a thing.
00:48:39
And you can't add to to continue with that. The CDC finally, finally just came out saying you should not test asymptomatic people. How do you like that? That just came out and they're finally catching up. Obviously, you should not be testing asymptomatic people. There's all these kids at school that are now being tested and they're being kept out so no one don't get tested for asymptomatic. Even the CDC says that if I could just circle back really quickly, I wanted to say something about vaccines that I was reluctant to say earlier.
00:49:05
The reason I'm very reluctant to put all my faith in vaccine, even though the president keeps touting the vaccine, is although the government can rush the scientific process to a certain extent, when you're giving a medication, which a vaccine is to a very large group of asymptomatic people who are healthy, you're taking a healthy population and you're looking for subtle, maybe late side performance. There is no substitute for waiting a good length of time to discern if there were subtle side effects that took a few years to show up or relate is just so much the government can do.
00:49:44
They can rush the test to process, but they cannot rush the observation period. They may make it legal, but that's not the way a drug should be given to people who are asymptomatic, healthy, and we're not going to be threatened by this virus in the first place. You should not be taking an untested, unproven medicine. If you're healthy and there's no threat to you, it should go through the process. And may I just say that vaccine all vaccines companies are completely shielded from any legal liability.
00:50:15
Should something go wrong. That is not something to rush.
00:50:20
So I guess let's just leave this as an open. We'll go around the horn and let's talk to the drug of anything you wanted to add to that? No, I think they covered up pretty well. So let's go let's just start with Dr. Rose. The doctor called the Dr. Drew. What can people do? What questions should they ask? Because people are saying, what do I do? Where do I get things? How do I get information?
00:50:38
People feel helpless and they feel confused. And you can't blame them for that because they're getting so much incredible disinformation stock. Start with you, Dr. Rose, of Dr. Gold and Dr. D'Addario.
00:50:51
Every state, Charlie, every state board and every state's medical oversight has different rules. So they need to check on their state board, their state oversight committees and find out what can and can't be done. And then they need to have a talk with their physician because they have the right to request treatment. And as long as in Texas, as long as we document everything and we talk to them and they request treatment, we can treat them and you and you need to hold people accountable.
00:51:22
And I mean that with all due respect. And they go to Dr. Gold's website, sounds like they have a lot of information about what's going on. And just to put hydroxy Hawkwind in perspective, penicillin, allergies kill one person a day or thirty three people a month. That's what we've seen across the board. Hydroxycut, when does it and it's all about a risk benefit. Yet when I go South America and I take Hydroxycut work, when I take it two weeks before all during that time and four weeks after.
00:51:56
And no one seems to have a problem when I take it or when I give it to my children or when I give it to family members. So you need to ask questions. Don't just be don't look to CNN, MSNBC, but ask the hard questions and sit down with your doctor and tell them, look, I need to know and physicians need to pay attention to we have a responsibility only problem I have with that doctor roses.
00:52:19
I sit down with their doctor. I've met plenty of doctors that disagree with everything that has been said this whole hour. So I kind of disagree. Just to push back a little bit.
00:52:27
What do they do, Dr. Rose, if they're going to find a doctor, OK, you've got to find one. And that's where Dr. Gold can come in. I'm just saying and I completely hear that you're saying. But I mean, I get these emails from doctors saying how irresponsible I'm being for having you guys on my show.
00:52:41
Give me an idea. Yeah. And they're cowards.
00:52:44
Of course. Let me so let me just share my perspective. I agree with you completely, Charlie, that a lot of doctors have drank the Kool-Aid. Doctors are also citizens of America, living in a country that has been having a massive disinformation campaign. I love America and I love its people. The website is there to empower you, listener. If you're listening, you can go to my website and you can find not only the laws and regulations that Dr.
00:53:08
Rosen is talking about in your state. You will find a telemedicine physician who understands these issues. Now, if you live in a state that does permit Hydroxycut permit, you can see right away on the map and you don't want to change your doctor, your doctor doesn't know you should print out the white paper that's under the reference tab and share it with your physician. It lays out all the information. It is true that some doctors have so drunk the Kool-Aid that they can't see clearly, and you really should not go to doctors like that.
00:53:33
But there I do believe there are a lot of physicians who are not knowledgeable and would be open to learning the information. You can actually bring your own doctor the white paper and help yourself. There's also a lot of videos under the TAB summit. You can watch a video as it applies to you. If you've got kids at a school age, you can watch the video about kids. You've got a healthy older parent or sick older parent. You can watch that video.
00:53:54
A lot of stuff.
00:53:55
A failed sitcom. Yes. Sorry about that. Your great doctor, Todaro.
00:54:02
So it's it's not a simple answer. And I. Really comes down to every patient, the general public staying informed, and the way to do that is, again, not watching CNN, MSNBC, mainstream media, anything they give you is very superficial and probably just disinformation. So you gonna have to digest things from other sources, these types of podcasts, the long form conversations where you can better understand what's going on. The back of America's Frontline Doctors website.
00:54:27
I have a website, Medicine Uncensored dot com, where I put a lot of the research that's coming out on this stuff. The second thing is, if you don't like your doctors being open minded to there, it's a therapeutic or advice in general. Hydroxycut can, for instance, fire them, go to any physician you want. That closed minded physician is maybe going to be managing your care in a hospital if you do get sick. But you have options to see different physicians a lot of times as you do.
00:54:54
And that will put pressure on these physicians to maybe stay a little bit more informed. And I know physicians hate this and many don't like patients to come in with, you know, evidence or whatever on certain therapeutics and stuff because they're always like, oh, well, what does the patient know? But there's so much difference of opinion among doctors out there that doctors need to be able need to deal with this new evidence and and patients need to put pressure on them.
00:55:17
One last thing. It's this kind of news I just saw an alert pop up on my email here about plasma. Does anyone want to take that? Dr. Gold? Is there is there a efficacy to this? Is there hope in here? What do you think, Dr. Gold? I just really newsie. So I want patients to have all options. I want these decisions to be made between the doctor and the patient, convalescent plasma has its place. I want to emphasize that it's useful in the late stage of the disease.
00:55:42
Hydroxy chloroquine is useful in the early stages of the disease. If you were not treated properly, drugs, corporate early and you unfortunately are hospitalized and very sick, you would want to receive plasma, but you would also want to receive high antibody dose plasma. And I just it's much more complicated and it's for the late stage. So it is a valid therapeutic. It should be available to doctors. But Hydroxycut, when ivermectin rodenticide should also be available to doctors.
00:56:10
Thank you, Dr. Rose, any other closing thoughts, just what something triggered something in me and that was hospitalized. And when you take the medication, a lot of medical societies and a lot of state medical associations say they don't recommend it in hospitalized patients and people are taking that across the board. It's a medication, Hydroxycut, when to take early. And so just when you hear certain studies or certain people talking, look and see if they say it doesn't work or could possibly not work or everyone seems to be word smithing a lot these days.
00:56:46
So it's really up to the patient to be informed. And I love what James said. If your doctor is not taking care of the other right. Firing and go find someone who will. Well, thank you guys so much, this has been an amazing update. Unfortunately, the country remains largely locked down children not in school, college football canceled and lots of fear. But I think that people need to keep on tuning in at this podcast and for all three of you guys.
00:57:07
So it's Dr. Oz. Dr. Drew. Dr. Gold and a FLDS dotcom. God bless you guys so much. Hope to see you soon. Thank you for joining our program and hopefully in two weeks. Let's do another update of all this nonsense that's happening. So God bless you guys. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Thank you.
00:57:26
What a great podcast that was. I love to hear from medical professionals that are willing to go against the grain. Please consider supporting us at Charlie Kirkconnell report. Charlie Kirkham report. If you guys want to win a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine Type and Charlie Kirk show your podcast provider hit subscribe. Give us a five star review, screenshot it and email us. Freedom at Charlie Dotcom, Freedom at Charlie Kirch Dotcom.
00:57:49
Thanks so much for listening, everybody. God bless you. God bless our country. Stay safe. Stay free.






PODCAST14)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts, at least health care.
00:00:09
We always want to give our members more. So now you get unrestricted access to a world of benefits that will help you stay healthy from convenient video calls with a GPS to get prescriptions online to easy access to experts. When you finally want to do something about your rapini or dodgy back. And if you do need to see someone urgently, our clinics are available for minor injuries, all without you needing to put your hand in your pocket. Let's stay on top of your health in every way.
00:00:35
Their health care. Looking after you own this insurance provided by Elipse Insurance Limited Trading is Leya Health Care, Leya Health Care Limit Trading as Leya Health Care and Leya. Life is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Unrestricted benefits are available until the end of August. Fair usage policy applies.
00:00:48
OK, pass the excess applicable endorsement's annualized premium. I need a translator.
00:00:55
Sometimes it's like insurance providers speak a different language with unposed insurance. You get easy to understand quotes and humans who speak plain English for our best current home quotes visit unposed insurance. Direct acceptance criteria, terms and conditions apply one direct order in limited trading as unpleased insurance is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. One direct Ireland Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of Uncrossed Home Insurance, underwritten by Aviva Insurance Ireland's.
00:01:19
Hey everybody. What exactly is happening with a Chinese coronavirus? Three doctors here on the Charlie Cook Show that you all have heard from Speakout.
00:01:27
This is bold journalism that we are doing here on the Charlie Kirk show.
00:01:30
And when you support us a Charlie Kirk dotcom slash report, you allow us to get this message out. Three doctors speak out about hydroxyl, chloroquine, the virus masks Foushee and so much more. Buckle up, everybody. Here we go.
00:01:44
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Kirk is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Company, Charlie Cook's run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:02:13
That's why we are here.
00:02:17
Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of the Charlie Kirk Show. I am thrilled to be joined by three doctors, all of whom have been on the Charlie Kirk show in recent months that has been seen by millions and millions of people. Dr. Simmons Gold, Dr. James Todaro and Dr. Keith Rose. We are here to talk about the updates of the Chinese coronavirus treatments, what we are being told that might not be true by some of the people that are making decisions.
00:02:45
We'll start with you, Dr. Gold. You came on my podcast first, just one on one, and then you came along side eight other doctors. And that was seen so many millions of times. It's the number one episode we've ever done. Can you just give it an update us an update on how things stand right now on the fight for hydroxyl, chloroquine, and also just some of the misinformation right now going on about the virus. Yes, so thank you so much for having us back.
00:03:10
I we started this kind of a loose consortium of physicians because we're very disturbed the patients can't get access to medications that they need. As you know, Hydroxycut chloroquine is an old safe medicine was FDA approved five years ago. We gave it to children. We give it to breastfeeding of pregnant women, nursing mothers and elderly women compromised. And it was the first and only time in American history that a doctor was not being free to prescribe an FDA approved medication.
00:03:38
It's never happened and you can still prescribe it, which is not. But this is so alarming that we decided to get their act together and speak about it when we came to Washington to share the good news with the American people that there is treatment, there are options, as you know, we will immediately shut down by social media. We've got an 18 or 20 million views in six hours, which just shows that the American public really wants to hear the stuff.
00:03:58
And then we would do platform across all social media. However, the fight to get Hydroxycut going into the hands of the people continues. Doctor, thank you.
00:04:07
Thank you, Dr. Gold. And I want to get into that. But first, I want to hear Dr. Rose, thank you for joining us. Can you talk about what you are seeing as far as these closures of schools? Do you believe that schools should be opened? Can you just give kind of a picture of what is driving people from canceling college athletics and shutting down all of these universities across the country in high schools? You're a medical doctor.
00:04:33
You've been speaking out against this. I must be missing something. I can't understand how anyone can come to the conclusion that we must be closing schools right now.
00:04:40
Well, I called you about this in February. In fact, I remember talked about it early in April. And like Dr. Gold was saying, as physicians, we would really have to suspend everything we have ever learned about viruses and treating infections and epidemics and pandemics to understand what we're dealing with now, because it makes no sense. We know a lot more about this virus than we did back in February when I called you. And at the same time, we noted early on that it didn't affect children and it didn't affect young adults to any significant degree.
00:05:16
The problem is the recent polls show that where people think 30 to 40 percent of the cases are in patients. Forty four years or younger, it's actually three percent. And the more we learn about these viruses, this virus in particular, the more we understand that not only does it not affect kids, but kids aren't a major form of transmission. And you can see that in Sweden and other countries that didn't go through draconian lockdowns. So to answer your question succinctly, the reason I think we're seeing all these school closures is nothing more than a movement that is just not paying attention to any medicine, science or truth, but it's trying to shut down.
00:05:54
The economy through the back door, because I have a lot I have one hundred thirty seven employees throughout my clinics and companies and a lot of them are single mothers. And if the kids are home, it's hard for that mother to teach the child at home and go to work.
00:06:09
And we now know and there's several articles that children aren't super spreaders. And the one paper, interesting enough, I believe it came out at Johns Hopkins, said children were super spreaders, had two fatal flaws, and it wasn't their idea of children with zero to twenty two. And the second thing was they didn't test for transmissibility of the disease. They were just looking for virus present. And I think that's where it started all in the beginning. We seem to be looking at positive cases, not active disease.
00:06:38
It seems to be to sum it up on wishful thinking, we're trying to prove everything that is not going to happen. Good. And everything that could possibly happen bad. And it, like Dr. Evil said, it doesn't make any sense.
00:06:49
So, Dr. Todaro, you I want to read one of the tweets you just recently sent out, which has Dr. Fauci engaged any of the doctors who have spent the last five months closely researching and or treating patients with hydroxyl chloroquine? The answer seems to be no. It doesn't seem like Dr. Fauci is interested in collaboration, the backbone of advancing medicine. Can you elaborate on that?
00:07:10
Yes. This is something really, in my opinion, I've seen since March where there are doctors who are using hydroxy cocaine very early, doing active research on hydroxy chloroquine. And yet really from the get go, we saw a lot of pushback from Dr. Fauci of the NIH, the World Health Organization and all these people, instead of trying to collaborate and understand what these frontline doctors experiences are with this drug. What the research is. Instead, they seem to be very dismissive of it.
00:07:37
And you think that by now, Dr. Robert, you would have talked with Dr. Zelenko, Dr. Raul, in the south of France and many other frontline physicians who are actually treating patients. And instead, it's just very dismissive. And he kind of uses their studies or studies or basically online surveys like the two that came out of Minnesota. And it's it's really disheartening to see someone that high up in the NIH responsible for billions of dollars of research, not collaborating with actual physicians on the ground who are seeing success with this treatment.
00:08:07
So I want to follow up, Dr. Todaro. A lot of people have emailed us and they're getting people are getting really restless. We feel as if we're being lied to. We feel as if we are being misdirected. Can you tell us why? That's the number one thing that I get from people. They say, well, people wouldn't be lying because no one would. There would be no incentive to lie about this. Tell us why we are.
00:08:26
No, this is a number one thing I get is from decent and reasonable people. They think that, well, there's no reason why Dr. Fauci would lie to us here. He just wants what's best for the country. Can you help pick up this? Because I think actually, if we can get into the intentions of what some of these people may or may not have financially or otherwise, we might actually pick a part why they want to destroy our country by keeping us perpetually locked down.
00:08:49
Absolutely. So I think the two major incentives, it's probably a combination of them, and I think that different kind of campaigns of misinformation are coming from different perspectives, but I think it looks political and then Big Pharma. OK, we all know the politics of it. If the economy is continually locked down, if everything is shut down leading into the election, that's is that could be a good state of affairs. OK, but I think even more money is at stake from a big pharmaceutical perspective.
00:09:15
We have companies that stand to make billions upon billions of dollars off this pandemic. OK, I did an article about three weeks ago about Chiliad specifically because at that time they were one of the companies that was really most in direct competition with Hydroxy Corp. went on coming up with a treatment for covid-19. And it was very interesting how when Hydroxycut when enter the scene. So when the president first mentioned in that March 19 press conference, Juliets stock plummeted. It fell about eight point seven percent within hours after that announcement and continue to essentially raise twenty one dollars billion from the company's market cap early next week.
00:09:53
So that's how much money is at stake and that just one pharmaceutical company. And the sad thing is they're probably not even the ones to stand the biggest profit off this pandemic. We're really looking at a vaccination campaign that's underway and some states are already talking as if they're going to make this vaccine absolutely mandatory. The first FDA approved vaccine mandatory and this could be a few months. So we know that safety studies are not going to be great. We're not even going to really have enough time to determine whether the vaccine is very effective, if it's effective at all.
00:10:20
And you're going to have states rolling this out. And even if it's a cheap vaccine or low cost, the government is either going to spend a ton of money for that vaccine and just the breadth of how many people are going to receive this vaccine, potentially billions and billions of dollars, whether you're working from home or working on your fitness, you want what you're listening to to be actually what you're listening to, not what your roommates or your children are listening to.
00:10:44
Before you drop a hundred dollars on the next pair of earbuds, check out the wireless earbuds from Rakan. You already know retcon ear buds start about half the price of any other premium wireless earbuds on the market. Their newest model, the everyday twenty five earbuds, are the best ones yet with six hours of play time, seamless Bluetooth pairing more bass and a more compact design that gives you a nice noise. Isolating fit Reykjanes wireless earbuds are so comfortable, perfect for conference calls or bingeing on podcasts like the Charlie Kirk Show.
00:11:09
So you go to break on dotcom slash Kirch. That's Braken Dotcom Slash Kirk. Everyone of the Charlie Kirk show uses Raque on earbuds. They're terrific. Unlike some of your other wireless options. Right on. Earbuds are both stylish and discrete, with no dangling wires or stems to distract anyone during video calls. That's break on dotcom slash Kirk berec on dotcom slash Kirk.
00:11:29
So so Dr. Gold, Virginia is planning mandatory vaccines for all residents. Let's not even get into the constitutionality or the legality of it. Would you argue that there's already a treatment out there that can work, that is currently not being talked about hydroxyl chloroquine, but why wouldn't they want people to use that? It seems every time I mention it, Dr. Gold, I either get thrown off of some sort of platform. People say that I have no idea what I'm talking about.
00:11:57
What what is it that we are missing in the national conversation when it comes to hydroxy chloroquine? You know, I speak about this publicly because not only is it so bizarre, no one's talking about how bizarre it is, we've never had the situation in America. There's a safe, cheap, worldwide effective medication that can be scaled up enormously. Billions of dosages available cost less than ten dollars a treatment, and everyone's pretending to not notice that it's available.
00:12:22
It is fundamentally irrational to take an untested, unproven remedy when you have something that's been around for six and a half decades. It makes no sense. I would never advocate that for a physician as a physician, and I dare any physician to tell me that it's in a patient's best interest to take something untested, unproven over something.
00:12:42
The 65 year old track record, that's I mean, and you're exactly right. And so I I'm just I'm just trying to get to the bottom of how we are able to communicate this more effectively. So, Dr. Rose, you and I talked in February. You made three predictions. I just want to establish your credibility even further here. You said this virus has been in America much longer than they're telling us. And that is now a widely, let's say, recognized fact.
00:13:09
It's probably came around January. Even some people say as early as October or November. Number two, you said lockdown's are the dumbest epidemiological idea we've ever done and will ever do, and this will destroy the backbone of our country. And the third thing that you said, which was really, really interesting, is that Dr. Fauci is compromised and you should not trust this guy. Can you talk more about that? Because it seems like even though he's kind of been deemphasized, he's still calling a lot of the shots.
00:13:34
And Joe Biden has said now we're going to shut down the country again if that's what it takes. Schools are not open. Dr. Doctorow's one. When are people once the right time to push back against this?
00:13:46
Well, Charlie at the right time is now. And it has been. But I have I'm going to take you really briefly through the evolution of this, because you can hear it in Dr. Gold's voice. Her passion is legitimate and rational. Honest, virtuous human being, not a person looks at this as a doctor and says this has been wrong from the beginning, yet we are we have a medicine that has been shown to show great success in treating this disease.
00:14:17
And we are putting that on the bench and we're rushing through vaccines which take years to develop. And we've had disasters in the development of vaccines in the history of this country. But if you look back to March, you had an article come out in Nature magazine and it was fascinating and it was a very well done article, peer reviewed on Hydroxycut Quent. And it said No. One, it was safe for short term use. Number two, it showed efficacy and it worked.
00:14:43
And SARS covid two. And the third thing, which was interesting result has an anti inflammatory characteristic which now covid-19 is shown to cause clots and inflammation, cytokine cascade. So it checked off all the boxes, but so it had a lot of forward moving progress. Like James mentioned earlier, the the studies against Hydroxycut when there's basically been 14 studies that have said it was bad, ten of them were all done in the late stage of the disease, which no one says that it has great efficacy for.
00:15:18
Two of them were out of Minnesota and were debunked. One of them was out of Brazil. That was debunked and that's when Dr. Foushee was pushing. But this is where everything can be tied together and comes down to the nefarious nature of this. The last study, the one that got everyone to pump the brakes on Hydroxycut when it came out of The Lancet. Now, The Lancet is a very respected medical journal. But as you know, I work around the world and I have a lot of friends living around the world.
00:15:45
So I I pulled up the Lancet study and I will tell you from reading it. Then I looked into the authors and then I did some deep dive and I couldn't find it in the U.S. papers. I couldn't find it in the U.S. media. But I do have a lot of connections in India and Pakistan. So I went to their meetings and I pulled up some articles and what it showed not the doctors that are on your show will understand this.
00:16:10
I've published, I think, 15 plus papers and peer review journals. When you publish a paper, it doesn't happen overnight. You go through peer review boards, you go through IRB institutional review boards, you have editorial staffs now. And that's just for your average journal. I can't even imagine what it's like to get a paper published in The Lancet. There were three authors on this paper. The lead author is the head of Cardiovascular Center at Brigham and women at Harvard.
00:16:40
I mean, this guy is very well published. He's an editor of a journal. He's the head of a society. I mean, this is a very well published guy. They did a report, six thousand plus patients and their conclusions. And I have it in front of me here were that Hydroxy Corkman. Not only did it appear to work and you got to look at the word smithing and all of this, because I'll get to that in a second, because a lot of this coming out from medical boards is wordsmith didn't appear to work.
00:17:07
In fact, it potentially could cause grave consequences. And and I'm paraphrasing, but I can read the exact words. So then everyone looked at the study and said, wait a second, we got to stop it, stop clinical trials. Every medical society put out the sky is falling to every doctor. I mean, I'm sure the other doctors on the show got stuff from their state, medical associations, from their boards, etc. And everyone was saying, pump the brakes.
00:17:34
But within two weeks, people started looking at the study and here's where it gets nefarious. No one talks about they started looking at the design of this study. You know, Dr. Ioannidis Granita from Stanford, he was the first one to see this back in 2005 and was called the crisis of Reproducibility on studies where you would get studies but you couldn't reproduce them. So we went towards, say, evidence based study. And then you look at the design of the study.
00:18:00
So people approaching it from that aspect looked at the design of this study and they looked at those ninety six thousand patients and they ask obvious questions besides the fact that they were using high doses, older patients, etc. They just said, we'd like to see the medical records, Charlie. They could not produce one medical record. It came from a company.
00:18:21
And this is an Indian newspaper that and I crosschecked all this called Sergius Fear. It has six employees. It's based out of Chicago, Illinois. They did all the big data crunch because everyone knows they don't have enough people to do this magnitude of a study. So they use, quote, EHI. And if you look at their staff, the head of their scientific writing division that probably he wrote the paper is kind of Ben Rhodes Esq. He is a science fiction writer, the head of their marketing.
00:18:51
Besides, that job works part time as, quote, an adult model. No, it's a porn star. And so that's kind of an interesting thing because it's funny and it's Trad.. Because they could not produce one medical record in the one country they said they work with one group in Scotland said it wasn't true. So now here's where you wind up. People stopped using hydroxy chloroquine. And I'm telling you right now, as a physician who's seen it work based on my experience and I'm not unique in any of this, when they did that, that's that's more than nefarious.
00:19:27
I think some places would look at that as murder. I mean, I don't know any other way to say you're not using something that shows potential effect. Could I can I you.
00:19:36
A couple of things we are so honored to have on this phone call, Dr. Drew, who is actually one of the people who investigated what's become known as Lancet. So I'm so glad that you brought that up and we could ask you further, but I just want to continue with that. Dr. Rawal, who's the famous virologist in France, just wrote a letter to New England Journal of Medicine one day about and called the corruption in the scientific journals. He likened it to a Marx Brothers movie.
00:20:00
He sent this to the New England Journal of Medicine. He has one hundred and forty thousand six hundred and forty thousand citations and Google scholar and they won't even print it. The corruption, the scientific journals is legendary.
00:20:12
Doctorow has over 400 bacteria after him or his name. Yeah, he's he's he's very well published. But Charlie, what Dr. Goldfein is. This is beyond a scandal. This is this is corruption, not in politics, where you caught someone doing something. This is corruption in the scientific realm where we have to get it right or at least be able to say we got it wrong and they're pushing it to the back of the line and people are paying the price.
00:20:38
So everyone is.
00:20:39
That's well said. Doctorow's. Dr. Todora, you're one of the first people to blow the whistle on the Lancet study. Right. And can you can you fill in even more exactly what Dr. Rose is talking about? And look, I just want to be very clear here, though. Most people don't believe that you guys are saying you have to. Also, you have to you have to tell the motivations here. Most people will discount you guys as baseless on this.
00:21:04
They say, why would anyone do something like this to no doctor?
00:21:07
Mayor, the head guy on that study is supported by I think he has a disclosure statement. He receives the maximum that he can get on disclosing. It says greater than 5000 from over 10 or 15 pharmaceutical companies. The Lancet is supported by those companies. I mean, this is this goes really deep.
00:21:26
Mm hmm.
00:21:27
Dr. Todaro, can you fill in the gaps a couple of times like you did a good job describing Lance iGate. So I wrote a play paper in the end of May call a study out of thin air, because that's where this study essentially came from, this out of thin air. And so I won't go into the detail of the study, which is so well covered. But just for your listeners who are saying, oh, we don't know if we believe them or not, the editor in chief of The Lancet.
00:21:47
So Richard Horton himself called the study a monumental fraud. OK, so this is not something that is flawed methodology of a study. This is a five year old study and that's that's universally known now within the mainstream media, gives that very much attention. No, they don't. But that is well known. Secondly, as Keith was talking about, these medical journals, including The Lancet, receive a large part of their publishing revenue from pharmaceutical companies is actually funny.
00:22:10
I was just on The Lancet's website a couple of weeks ago and at the top banner, there's an advertising for Giulietto product. I mean, that's just that's that's where these these medical journals get their money from pharmaceutical companies. And it's been known for about 17 years. The pharmaceutical companies really, to an extent, control what is published in these journal. So Richard Horton, again, the editor in chief of The Lancet, is in that position for a couple of decades, said in 2003 that they control the pharmaceutical companies, have it where they can publish is unbelievable.
00:22:39
They're essentially marketing machines for Big Pharma and even less publicly said now, which probably just means that the pharmaceutical companies even have more control so much that it can only be said in closed door meetings between editor in chief of the New England Journal of Medicine and The Lancet, how much control and influence the pharmaceutical companies have over them.
00:22:57
And this was stated by a very prominent former minister of health in France who said this a few weeks ago in a meeting that the New England Journal of Medicine editor in chief was complaining about the corruption that's going on in these medical journals.
00:23:10
And that's Dr Destabilizer, a former French health minister. You can Google it.
00:23:17
Who's your wireless provider, AT&T, Verizon or T-Mobile? What if I told you that peer talk USA has the exact same network as one of those carriers, same tower, same exact coverage, but literally costs you half. I know it sounds crazy. When I first heard about your talk, I thought this is too good to be true. But then I looked at the customer reviews and I met the people that use it. Yujin from Granbury, Texas, had good service having any problems in our travels since giving up on AT&T, we don't really feel there's any difference in the level of service or quality accessibility.
00:23:41
We're getting ready to put the service on our iPads. Switching is so easy you can keep your phone and they'll send you a SIM card so you can get the same great service you currently have. But at half the price. Listen to this unlimited talk, text and two gigs of data for just twenty dollars a month. The average person is saving four hundred dollars a year. So why is it so much cheaper than AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile? No retail stores, no billion dollar year ad campaigns, no value adds to your contract.
00:24:04
The underpaying for their customer service is right here in the U.S. and their CEO is a U.S. veteran who loves his country. Here's the deal. Unlimited talk, unlimited text, plus two gigs of data for just twenty dollars a month. All you do is grab your mobile phone. They'll pounce. If you say the keyword Charlie Kirk, that's pound to fifty. Say the keyword Charlie Kirk. What do you do? You'll say fifty percent off your first month.
00:24:25
Well, Dr. Gold. So it's time to open America. Obviously hydroxyl chloroquine. You are an advocate for what is the biggest barriers from this happening? What are the action steps that need to happen? People are growing restless. Their businesses are closing. They are losing their life savings. Their kids are not in school. Young people are suffering from depression and suicide, alcoholism, drug usage. And I just I'm going to be very honest with you guys.
00:24:49
I think that we as citizens have played way too patient the last couple of months. We're allowing our civilization to decay in front of us. Dr. Gold, what are some pragmatic steps that need to happen? Who needs to do what when for this to for this nonsense to be reversed?
00:25:04
First of all, everybody needs to stop calling this a pandemic and a virus that we're responding to. We are in the situation we're in because of the lockdown and because of rules that the governors are putting into place. We are essentially at the end of the pandemic. When you look at all the worldwide curves, we're flattened. We're at the bottom. We're we're very. At the tail end of this, the problems now are manmade political made, they're made by different governors were put in place, very restrictive, onerous restrictions that are essentially unconstitutional.
00:25:32
And I want to emphasize as doctors that these lockdowns are so harmful for people from the harmful to the physical health and harmful to their psychological health. And we know that this is a fraud because the group that they're focusing on so much, the schools, is particularly ludicrous. There really is no problem for children if you didn't lock down last year for influenza and why in the world would you be locking down this year for covid, which is a much lower death rate than influenza?
00:25:56
It makes no sense. It should be obvious to everyone that this is not scientifically based and citizens. Honestly, I think Charlie needs to rise up and refuse to comply with these procedures. As a practical matter, if you're living in a state where your schools are closed, under no circumstances should you be participating in that to pull your children out of school, you can form micro schools. I heard you talk about that. You can get togethers by families, my friends, like, oh, that's a lot of work.
00:26:18
It's not a lot of work compared to them sending your kid home every two weeks when some kid in the class tested positive. It's easier to be a structured online schooling environment. You can control the situation that can be in class online, nine to 12, nine to one, then they can do sports during the afternoon or see the friends. You need to not participate to the extent that you can pull yourself out of government mandates that make no sense.
00:26:40
So, Dr. Gold, I want to just follow up with you really quick. Can you give an update on how you're doing? Your website kept on getting pulled down. I believe you got fired from your job because you spoke out. A lot of our audience cares deeply about you. Can you give some sort of update? Are you doing OK? Thank you. As a matter of fact, I'm honored by the overwhelming support and to give that love back to the people we put on our website, which I had to rebuild.
00:27:05
And if you can find it now in the FLDS, the acronym for America's Frontline doctors, you can actually find a way to find doctors. What's the website again?
00:27:13
It's a AEF, LDS and doctors dot com. OK, FLDS dot com. And you can look for the CQ map and on there you can find your state. And if you scroll down, you can find a telemedicine doctor who's Hydroxycut with knowledgeable promises to our Hydroxycut. More knowledgeable and you can help yourself. It is Charlie and everybody is listening. If you let go of the fear, knowing that there's treatment available, should you need it, you'll be able to go back to your normal life and shrug off the dictatorial edicts of our governors.
00:27:48
Dr. Rose, you want to add to that? Also, what are we missing from our leaders right now?
00:27:54
And I want to add on to what Dr. Gold said, because she's spot on. But I I've been looking at what I get from my medical society, what I've been seeing from my board. And the interesting thing is every medical society. And so people I hope everyone's paying attention because this is a way to take your country back tomorrow. Every medical society, every board has a covid-19 task force and they list the names of those physicians on the covid-19 task force.
00:28:25
Every county doctor that's making recommendations to a county judge has a medical license and you will know who that doctor is and they list their names. I think Charlie and I'm not a big fan of this, but I think this is what it was designed for. If the American people if you have a loved one that had that had covid-19 tried to get Hydroxycut and were denied. I think the best way to understand what's going on would be to get with an attorney class action.
00:28:56
You know, who these doctors are, that if they're making the recommendations, then I think they can support that. They can support that, because in discovery, you can find out if they have written that prescription for anyone, because all prescriptions are electronic. You don't have to know who they wrote it for, but you can find out if they're recommending not using it, but writing it. I think we need to know if they've had it written for themselves, because I know several doctors who have gone along with saying we can't write it, who have written it for themselves, family members, etc.
00:29:27
. So I think the time is look, great point in medicine. It's premature. I'm gonna say first, do no harm. And the best way to understand how county judges are talking to county doctors is in an open in a request. If it has to be in a courthouse or an Open Information Act request, why don't you find out their emails and who they're talking to? Is the front group pushing them?
00:29:50
Send an email to info at a f l. D. S. We are actively looking for plaintiffs. Those are B patients who've attempted to get hydroxyl chloroquine whose pharmacists said they wouldn't it, or doctors who've been writing for it and were thwarted by pharmacists. We're actively looking for the plaintiffs info at AFL Stockholm.
00:30:11
I think that would be our next growth industry is you're going to see people on in about two or three months going, did you try to get Hydroxycut or and were denied, but not just the doctors, but the medical societies, the boards empowering them. Here's the thing, Charlie. What you're seeing from the Lancet, what James showed so clearly is you're seeing corruption at the highest level and no one seems to care. The guy that was the first author on that paper still has a job.
00:30:43
And I got to tell you, I mean, anyone that's been in academic medicine, that wouldn't happen. We're canceling people for words. And these folks put those words in a journal, told us it was true. And I think possibly I'll use their special language cost thousands of lives.
00:31:03
Dr Todaro, according to a FOIA request and this is citing Pastor Rob McCoy. Dr. Rosen, I both know him quite well. He said that a FOIA request in Thousand Oaks, California, revealed that there were 102 deaths with the Chinese coronavirus, but only two of the Chinese coronavirus. Now, this doctor rose to talk about this. And as long as I know he's familiar with this data as well. But I'm just hoping this is a broader conversation.
00:31:27
Dr. Todaro, are all these numbers should we take exactly as they are being told or is there a difference between dying with and dying from?
00:31:35
What are we missing here when it comes to the how we're interpreting the data and communicating the data?
00:31:41
Yeah, so absolutely there's dying with and dying from covid. And especially when you're talking about people in nursing homes or maybe near the last stretch of their life, you know, they have a very high mortality rate with or without covid.
00:31:54
And so you have to. We already know and we've had health commissioner in different state say this, that patients will die of something that is obviously not covid, but because they have covid that they are dying and that that goes as little as another notch on the death list for covid. So that's absolutely happening across the board. I think looking back, we'll be able to compare kind of all cause mortality and see how many are we're really from covid and make those assessments comparing, let's say, 20, 20 to the averages in 2017, 2018, 2019.
00:32:26
But yeah, there's absolutely I think that there's an exaggeration of deaths from covid-19 in our fast paced world.
00:32:35
That's tough to make reading a priority, at least it used to be a new app called Thinker has solved that problem by summarizing the key ideas from new and noteworthy nonfiction, giving you access to an entire library of great books in bite sized form. Read or listen to hundreds of titles in a matter of minutes, including old classics like Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, the recent bestsellers like Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life. If you want to challenge your preconceptions, expand your horizons and become a better thinker, go to think.
00:33:00
Agree. Let's try and cargo's Charlie to start an extended free trial and put your mind in motion.
00:33:09
So, Dr. Todaro, can you talk also about other deaths that we are seeing? I mean, another issues that you might be analyzing from your position of suicide, alcoholism, are there other health issues going on that we might have self-inflicted here? Because the lockdown's. Absolutely different frontline doctor, some of a great talk by a psychiatrist who is seeing many of these families and children who are dealing with these lockdowns, and it's no surprise that this has a huge effect on kids, on my kids.
00:33:38
They have guns. Now, if these kids are afraid of this invisible disease, they're not allowed to go hug their grandparents anymore. They're not allowed to play with other kids if they do try to keep a mask on a two year old in a lot of these a lot of states, which is just unbelievable.
00:33:51
And it's it's having a psychological impact on kids, on adults. A lot of people are drinking more. You're sitting at home, you know, out of a job maybe. And so, absolutely, you're seeing this. And this child psychiatrist is talking about how kids are fighting more with their siblings. They are entertained by going to school anymore. And so it's absolutely having a dramatic effect on those and those processes.
00:34:14
Simon, what are your thoughts on that? There's no question in terms of a lockdown and the lockdown is so harmful to Americans, there is one hundred and fifty thousand cancer screenings that went missing and the list is just endless. You know, I just maybe I am being too general, but this whole thing is just such a hoax. It reminds me of a fable when we were young. The emperor has no clothes.
00:34:37
The Emperor has no clothes. There's no reason for us to be living like this. The disease affects people severely who have multiple comorbid conditions. Also, frequently, they're much older. Those patients are in jeopardy. They come down Kovik, but the vast majority of Americans are not in jeopardy. They come down with it. And if they do test positive and they do have symptoms, we have medication that works. So I don't even understand what this is.
00:35:02
And Americans need to start understanding that their way of life is being threatened. No reason. I like to sometimes say there could be a reason to act like this. That reason would be a disease like smallpox. Smallpox is very lethal, very contagious.
00:35:16
All right. This is not that covid-19 overwhelmingly does not kill people overwhelmingly. And I'm not saying it doesn't exist.
00:35:25
I'm an emergency doctor. Take care of many patients with covid, but the ones that do badly are the ones that are near the end of life due to multiple comorbid conditions. And I've lost a friend to the virus.
00:35:36
It's a real thing. But Keith. And it's a tragic thing. But however, Keith, you made the argument to address it. Since when have we ever quarantined the healthy is whose idea was this? I mean, I just looking at this as a non-scientist, I'm just logically, I can't even come to the conclusion of I just shared the lockdown's and the social distancing.
00:35:58
A lot of folks, if they heard our first podcast back in April, know that a lot of these ideas came out of that paper out of New Mexico where one of the authors, daughter, who was actually second author on the paper, wrote a paper in high school on social distancing and talked about is back during the Bush administration, talked about the potential how you would treat a pandemic. And it was her idea. I think that's where they got social distancing and possibly lockdown.
00:36:25
But, Charlie, the thing that every American should look at is why do we have so much on wishful thinking? Why are we ignoring what's right in front of our eyes? And why are we pushing that even harder? Because what we can ignore, what these county judges have done with these lockdowns, here are the hard facts. We know there's a thirty five percent increase in domestic abuse because we have people that are home with their abusers and they can't leave.
00:36:53
We know we have massive increases in suicides, overdoses, alcoholism. We know that when people are afraid, they don't cortisol in their body, which is what caused exacerbation of very common diseases and make them much worse. You know, if you read there's a journal called Modern Health Care, and basically it's a business medical journal. Hospitals are posting record numbers as far as revenue because people aren't seeking care. I mean, someone even went off to say that basically covid-19 has made it better for heart attack patients and strokes.
00:37:31
No, they're just too afraid to go in and be seen and they're dying at home.
00:37:34
May I add something to add something, Charlie, about the quarantine issue? People forget that I'm a lawyer. I went to Stanford University Law School. There is no legal precedent in our country for quarantining the healthy. It simply doesn't exist. It's unconstitutional. There's a case directly on point in California. California's Supreme Court ruled on this exact issue in the era of bubonic plague. Around nineteen hundred. There's a case named Joon-ho, the plaintiff's name is JSW.
00:37:58
And in that time, the public health commissioner of San Francisco tried to lock down 12 city blocks because there were 15 cases or so a bubonic plague. And this went all the way up to the California Supreme Court. The California Supreme Court said, no, you cannot lock down. I think it was twelve thousand healthy people from socializing and going to work and living their lives because there's bubonic plague in the area, it cannot be done. There is no legal precedent for allowing the government to quarantine healthy people.
00:38:26
And there's plenty of legal precedent saying we cannot there needs to be court cases brought. Even October 19 will be over. We need there's precedent established. It is clear to me that eleven eighteen is merely a dress rehearsal. We need there's precedent established, but this cannot happen again.
00:38:42
Yeah, go ahead. Dr. Rosen, I want to ask Dr. Todaro something. Go ahead.
00:38:45
Dr. Gold spoke about smallpox at the start of this country. There was a smallpox epidemic. The British were they weren't affected because they were all immune, but the colonies were. And Washington had to make the decision whether to try to immunize the army or not. And he actually made it illegal to immunize the army, which they would scrape a scab and they would use a needle and immunize each other.
00:39:09
Then he realized he was losing most of the continental forces or potentially was going to lose them. So he allowed for immunization. He reversed course. He recognized. What was going on, and he reversed course, and that's a disease that kills a third of everyone that gets it. He could have wiped out the whole army, but he did it for the chance to fight for freedom. And I think we need to remember that there is a risk benefit to everything.
00:39:33
The risk of covid-19, we're finding out, is less and less every day. And there's more and more therapeutic options.
00:39:41
And but the benefit of getting out and starting up our economy is critical. And we need to get out and start. Everyone should just go out. There should be mass civil disobedience, open the country. And that's the only way we're going to get back or we won't have the chance for that freedom.
00:39:58
So, Dr. Todaro, can you tell us just from looking at the data, maybe we don't have it available, but I'm sure you have some idea of the death rate this year versus the death rate the last couple of years. Have we seen an increase in the death rate at all or has the death rate been somewhat unchanged?
00:40:14
So this is something that I've just started diving into recently. It's been a busy week, but it looks like compared to twenty nineteen, so the first thirty two weeks of twenty nineteen was twenty twenty, that there is an uptick in the number of deaths in this year compared to last year. I'm not comparing this to twenty eighteen or twenty seventeen. So it's, I think there's no doubt that covid-19 caused some degree of excess mortality. The question is how much.
00:40:38
And I'm actually looking forward to doing that data analysis over the next few days.
00:40:42
I do have something I want to talk about, though, that has to do with lockdowns is actually a piece of, I think, really good news that the mainstream media is not covering and not getting near the attention it should be. And this has to do with t cell immunity, herd immunity. OK, so this is a very active area of research that's been going on for the past four to eight weeks. And it's around T cells. And from a high level T cells are part of the adaptive immune system that helps you respond to specific diseases.
00:41:09
You have B cells for antibodies and then T cells. And what the new research is showing is that T cells from blood samples from before the pandemic. So blood samples from people from twenty nineteen when exposed to sars-cov-2 the novel coronavirus, the T cells are specifically reacting to that, to the new virus. And what this implies is that there's a degree of protective immunity for a large percentage of the population. And these studies vary on the exact percentage, but it's around 50 percent.
00:41:38
OK, and so this is critically important. This means about 50 percent of people might have some degree of immunity versus coronavirus. And so this the immune system is very complex and the T and T and just one part of it. But if you take this knowledge, this new research and plug it into what we're seeing in the real world, it starts to make sense. One of the big question is, why are nearly 50 percent of people asymptomatic yet test positive for coronavirus?
00:42:03
Well, do they have a T cell immunity that's being able to attack those infected cells and eradicate them before the person even developed symptoms? Now, this has huge implications on herd immunity, because if someone is asymptomatic is a much lesser chance they're going to spread the disease. So we have 50 percent of people that are partially or maybe even fully protected from the disease. You don't have to reach that 60 to 70 percent. There's so many infectious disease experts and epidemiologists we're talking about.
00:42:29
So they all said you have to be 60 to 70 percent of people infected to reach this herd immunity threshold. And that's a lot of people infected. But what we're seeing the real world is it's not hitting that level. We're seeing city after city around the entire world hit about 20 percent prevalence based on antibody testing in cases against decline. That's beginning to decline. And this happened in Lombardy. This happened in London, Madrid, Geneva, New York City, Stockholm.
00:42:53
And, you know, the lockdown advocates will sit and say, oh, well, that's because we did lockdown the masks. But we all know lockdown mandates and masks came at different times. Get so many of these areas that the 20 percent and we know as a control and I'm sure you've talked about it, the Sweden did not mandate lockdown, did not mandate masks. And again, Stockholm, 20 percent affected cases began to decline. That began to decline.
00:43:15
And today, there's less than one death per day in Sweden. And so if you combine this 50 percent that have some partial or full immunity already prior to the pandemic to about 20 percent that are newly infected, you know, a decent percentage of the population that may be partially or fully immune to coronavirus. And so this would mean that many parts of the country, especially the areas that were hardest hit, might be able to open up safely. And this could be New York City and so many other other cities around the world that aren't seeing that second wave of deaths.
00:43:45
And so I think this is huge. In addition to the new therapeutics we have, this information needs to get out there. It's being suppressed, both of the mainstream media and censorship on Twitter, but also actually at the level of academic journals. So there's also yes. So there's biomass petition to put out a great study looking at value in the mathematical models for why we're having 20 percent, their articles rejected from every scientific journal. And the reason being in the journal said that she quoted in our tweet is that it's because we don't want to give people the idea that maybe.
00:44:17
It could justify reopening. OK, that's the whole reason I have to be able to discuss science openly and that's going on.
00:44:26
Go ahead. The T cells will open the schools. Charlie two is exactly what James is saying. The T cells start in the bone marrow. They go to the thymus and they they go from the thymus out in the body and the T cells. A lot of kids are exposed to different there's several types of coronavirus. There are four types that are just basically the common cold. And that's what those T cells recognize. And that's why I think we're not seeing a lot younger and more.
00:44:51
It's worse and older because the thymus will involution shrink over time as a person gets older. So the T cell research that's being done now is the one of the strongest pillars for opening schools, showing that kids have prior immunity. And and not only makes sense, it makes it just fits perfectly scientifically. And what we know with with our body chemistry really, really paying attention to really plain and simple kids have more t cell activity than grown ups.
00:45:21
And what kids are not getting sick from this. Connect the dots.
00:45:26
So. So I want to ask something about getting immunity, either Dr. Keith or Dr. Gold. Some people are saying in Hong Kong someone's getting the virus twice that they've gotten. Is that possible? Is that ever happened? In the case of viruses, there's more and more news articles that are saying this.
00:45:46
The if you look at the studies and I'm probably someone probably knows more about this than I do. But the studies I've looked at where they're getting the virus twice again, what does getting the virus mean? Is that a positive test? Because we know that the test, a lot of them are false positives and they test for shredded virus or broken up viral particles. We're not seeing repeat infections. And you can look at countries that weren't locked down. Sweden has a great study just showing that, showing the graphs.
00:46:13
In fact, if you look across the board right now, the greatest case for immunity is looking at every group and every state that's not locking down hard and opening up because all their death rates are going down. When you look at posit positive case, it doesn't mean anything. You have to look further than that's just a vanity metrics.
00:46:32
Go ahead.
00:46:32
I just keep it really simple. Like the exception proves the rule. Do you understand that? You know, we people get influenza A. Sometimes they also get influenza B, but they can recover. Overwhelmingly, people recover from this virus or they were asymptomatic to begin with. So I have a few things that I say.
00:46:48
Telika, you're really on top of things to this like pressingly release. I think that came out today, yesterday. So what he's talking about is a person from Hong Kong was infected with Coronavirus from March, got reinfected in August. So one hundred forty two days later, I think there's some important parts of this. So he had experienced the disease in March. He was symptomatic this most recent time of reinfection. He was asymptomatic, OK, no symptoms.
00:47:12
All he had was an inflammatory marker that bumped up a little bit hyperkalemia, which is potassium. And then he had he developed the antibodies right after that. So that's the only evidence that really had that he had a second effect. And it's really important to note it was asymptomatic. He likely had t cells, maybe not even antibodies, but the T cells was able to fight this infection before it actually developed symptoms. And I have not seen any evidence that he actually spread that disease to other people.
00:47:39
I did not see that in the press release. But that's kind of what I'm talking about. Herd immunity is you have the people that if they even if they were infected and able to eradicate the disease, then they're not coughing. They don't they're not projecting the viral particles to other people and getting others infected.
00:47:52
So let's go really quick, Dr. Rose. Let's go around the Horn of Doctorow's Dr. Gold and then we'll finish with with one more final comment. Go ahead. Well, I think, you know, I had H1N1, I was in the Middle East in 2009, and so I kept the whole file on it because I was really sick and I thought I was going to die. I just found that file the other day. And it was interesting from the CDC and from our state medical association said that it was in November and I'll send it to you because I have it said, don't we don't need to test anymore for H1N1.
00:48:27
If you find a patient, just treat them. They didn't even want to know who was positive or not. So why? And that was a horrific, I guess.
00:48:37
But Dr. Young, really quick, they say it's because you could be an asymptomatic spreader. That's what they said made this one different. But it's actually true.
00:48:43
Well, they say a lot, but I'm just I'm just playing devil's advocate here.
00:48:47
I'm just saying this is not the only problem is an asymptomatic spreader doesn't produce enough viral load in the studies that actually look at it. And if you're not producing viral load, you're only asymptomatic spread, which is probably 24 to 48 hours prior to active symptoms, is on a spouse or an intimate contact. Not in the workplace. Not in the school. So the asymptomatic spreader, just to use plain term, is not really a thing.
00:49:11
And you can't add to to continue with that. The CDC finally, finally just came out saying you should not test asymptomatic people. How do you like that? That just came out and they're finally catching up. Obviously, you should not be testing asymptomatic people. There's all these kids at school that are now being tested and they're being kept out so no one don't get tested for asymptomatic. Even the CDC says that if I could just circle back really quickly, I wanted to say something about vaccines that I selected to say earlier.
00:49:36
The reason I'm very reluctant to put all my faith in vaccine, even though the president keeps touting the vaccine, is although the government can rush the scientific process to a certain extent, when you're giving a medication, which a vaccine is to a very large group of asymptomatic people who are healthy, you're taking a healthy population and you're looking for subtle, maybe late side performance. There is no substitute for waiting a good length of time to discern if there were subtle side effects that took a few years to show up or.
00:50:14
There's just so much the government can do. They can rush the test to process, but they cannot rush the observation period. They may make it legal, but that's not the way a drug should be given to people who are asymptomatic, healthy, and we're not going to be threatened by this virus in the first place. You should not be taking an untested, unproven medicine. If you're healthy and there's no threat to you, it should go through the process.
00:50:40
And may I just say that vaccine all vaccines companies are completely shielded from any legal liability. Should something go wrong. That is not something to rush.
00:50:51
So I guess let's just leave this as an open. We'll go around the horn and just talk to the drug. You have anything you wanted to add to that? No, I think they covered it pretty well. So let's go let's just start with Dr. Rose and Dr. Gold and Dr. Drew. What can people do? What questions should they ask? Because people are saying, what do I do? Where do I get things? How do I get information?
00:51:09
People feel helpless and they feel confused. And you can't blame them for that because they're getting so much incredible disinformation stock. Start with you, Dr. Rose of Dr. Gold and Dr. Todora.
00:51:22
Every state, Charlie, every state board and every state's medical oversight has different rules. So they need to check on their state board, their state oversight committees and find out what can and can't be done. And then they need to have a talk with their physician because they have the right to request treatment. And as long as in Texas, as long as we document everything and we talk to them and they request treatment, we can treat them and you and you need to hold people accountable.
00:51:53
And I mean that with all due respect. And they go to Dr. Gold's website, sounds like they have a lot of information about what's going on. And just to put hydroxy Cohen in perspective, penicillin, allergies kill one person a day or thirty three people a month. That's what we've seen across the board. Hydroxycut one does it and it's all about a risk benefit. Yet when I go South America and I take Hydroxycut work, when I take it two weeks before all during that time and four weeks after, and no one seems to have a problem when I take it or when I give it to my children or when I give it to family members.
00:52:34
So you need to ask questions. Don't just be don't look to CNN, MSNBC, but ask the hard questions and sit down with your doctor and tell them, look, I need to know and physicians need to pay attention to we have a responsibility only problem I have with that doctor roses.
00:52:50
I sit down with their doctor. I've met plenty of doctors that disagree with everything that has been said this whole hour. So I kind of disagree just to push back a little bit.
00:52:58
So what do they do, Dr. Rose, if they're going to find a doctor, OK, you've got to find one. And that's where Dr. Gold can come in. I'm just saying and I completely agree that you're saying. But I mean, I get these emails from doctors saying how irresponsible I'm being for having you guys on my show.
00:53:12
Just give me an idea. Yeah. And they're cowards.
00:53:15
Of course, me read. So let me just share my perspective. I agree with you completely, Charlie, that a lot of doctors have drank the Kool-Aid. Doctors are also citizens of America, living in a country that has been having a massive disinformation campaign. I love America and I love its people. The website is there to empower you, listener. If you're listening, you can go to my website and you can find not only the laws and regulations that Dr.
00:53:39
Rosen is talking about in your state. You will find a telemedicine physician who understands these issues. Now, if you live in a state that does permit Hydroxycut permit, you can see right away on the map and you don't want to change your doctor, your doctor doesn't know you should print out the white paper that's under the reference tab and share it with your physician. It lays out all the information. It is true that some doctors have so drunk the Kool-Aid that they can't see clearly, and you really should not go to doctors like that.
00:54:04
But there I do believe there are a lot of physicians who are not knowledgeable and would be open to learning the information. You can actually bring your own doctor the white paper and help yourself. There's also a lot of videos under the TAB summit. You can watch a video as it applies to you. If you've got kids at a school age, you can watch the video about kids. You've got a healthy older parent or sick older parent. You can watch that video.
00:54:25
A lot of stuff.
00:54:27
A failed sitcom. Yes. Sorry about that. Your great Dr. Todaro.
00:54:33
So it's it's not a simple answer. And I. It really comes down to every patient, the general public staying informed, and the way to do that is, again, not watching CNN, MSNBC, mainstream media, anything they give you is very superficial and probably just disinformation. So you can have to digest things from other sources, these types of podcasts that the long form conversations where you can better understand what's going on at the back of America's Frontline Doctors website.
00:54:58
I have a website, Medicine Uncensored dot com, where I put a lot of the research that's coming out on this stuff. The second thing is, if you don't feel like your doctor is being open minded to whether it's a therapeutic or advising in general hydroxy correction, for instance, fire them, go to any physician you do want. That closed minded physician is maybe going to be managing your care in a hospital if you do get sick. But you have options to see different physicians a lot of times as you do.
00:55:25
And that would put pressure on these physicians to maybe stay a little bit more informed. And I know physicians hate this and many don't like patients to come in with, you know, evidence or whatever on certain therapeutics and stuff because they always like, oh, well, what does the patient know? But there's so much difference of opinion among doctors out there that doctors need to be able need to deal with this new evidence and and patients need to put pressure on them.
00:55:48
One last thing is this kind of news. This is just an alert pop up on my email here about plasma. Does anyone want to take that? Dr. Gold? Is there is there efficacy to this? Is there hope in here? What do you think? Dr. Gold is just really newsie. So I want patients to have all options. I want these decisions to be made between the doctor and the patient, convalescent plasma has its place. I want to emphasize that it's useful in the late stage of the disease.
00:56:13
Hydroxy chloroquine is useful in the early stages of the disease. If you were not treated properly with drugs that caucusing early and you unfortunately are hospitalized and very sick, you would want to receive plasma, but you would also want to receive high antibody dose plasma. And I just it's much more complicated and it's for the late stage. So it is a valid therapeutic. It should be available to doctors. But Hydroxycut, when ivermectin be genocide, should also be available to doctors.
00:56:41
Thank you, Dr. Rose, any other closing thoughts, just what triggered something in me and that was hospitalized? And when you take the medication, a lot of medical societies and a lot of state medical associations say they don't recommend it in hospitalized patients and people are taking that across the board. It's a medication, Hydroxycut, when to take early. And so just when you hear certain studies or certain people talking, look and see if they say it doesn't work or could possibly not work or everyone seems to be word smithing a lot these days.
00:57:17
So it's really up to the patient to be informed. And I love what James said. If your doctor's not taking care of you, you have the right firing and go find someone who will. Well, thank you guys so much, this has been an amazing update. Unfortunately, the country remains largely locked down children not in school, college football canceled and lots of fear. But I think that people need to keep on tuning into this podcast. And for all three of you guys, so it's Dr.
00:57:39
Dr. Drew. Dr. Gold and a FLDS dotcom. God bless you guys so much. Hope to see you soon. Thank you for joining our program and hopefully in two weeks. Let's do another update of all this nonsense that's happening. So God bless you guys. Thank you. Thanks a lot.
00:57:54
Thanks, Joe. What a great podcast that was. I love to hear from medical professionals that are willing to go against the grain. Please consider supporting us at Charlie Kirkos. Support Charlie Kirkconnell support. If you guys want to win a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine Type and Charlie Kirk show your podcast provider hits subscribe. Give us a five star review, screenshot it and email us Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell, freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom.
00:58:20
Thanks so much for listening, everybody. God bless you. God bless our country. Stay safe. Stay free.
00:58:28
Bet online sports are coming back. Yeah, so is your chance to bet with our exclusive partner BET online dot agea. MLB is back, NFL camps have opened. The NBA's in full swing now, plus UFC. Lots of good UFC stuff going on on that fine island boxing, NASCAR, NASCAR's PAC that limited the audience, the crowd, but the race and man and no shortage of ways to get in on the action visit bet online dadaji do today.
00:59:00
Check out all the odds and up to date sports news. Don't forget to sign up and take advantage of all the welcome back to sports bonuses they have. What you do is you visit BTE Online Dot org, our exclusive partner and podcast one. Don't forget promo code podcast one for your sign up bonus today. BET online, your online sports book experts.







PODCAST15)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Liftman Yep. It even sounds boring. I wonder goes in the long finger, but when you do get round to it, a good place to start is by reviewing your mortgage. You really never know if there's a better option unless you look into it. That's where the Ulster Bank mortgage team could help. Wherever you bank, get in touch and find out about switching your mortgage to us. Just search Ulster Bank, switch Ulster Bank, help for what matters.
00:00:35
Overrating the only Ulster Bank card and DAC is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland.
00:00:39
Refresh your career with griffeth cottage cheese free range of over 100 part time online unblended courses to flexibly build your future. Dublin Cork AMRRIC with a griffeth dorahy.
00:00:49
Hey everybody. It's night three of the Republican National Convention. We have the instant analysis of Mike Pence and so many others that spoke. Madison Cawthorn, Kayleigh McEnany, Rick Grenell. Instant live reaction of what was said, who said it and what this means. We also go into the shooting of Jacob Blake Kenosha, the arson of America, Barack Obama and the National Basketball Association. Please consider supporting our program at Charlie Kirkham Report by supporting our program. You are supporting our production costs, our production team, so we can do to podcast today and one every single weekend.
00:01:22
You are the backbone. What we do here on the Charlie Kirk show also consider getting involved a turning point. USA If you have a young person in your life that wants to get engaged and get involved, go to TPE, USA, Dotcom, TPE, USA, dot com, chip in some money, get engaged and get involved for the fight for Western Civilization. Night three, the Republican National Convention. We have the analysis right here for you.
00:01:41
Buckle up, everybody. Here we go.
00:01:44
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Kirk is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Company, Charlie Cook's run in the White House. I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created. Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:02:13
That's why we are here.
00:02:17
Hey, everybody. I hope you guys enjoyed the third night of the Republican National Convention. What a moment right there with our national anthem. There were more disabled veterans standing for the national anthem at that moment than the entire National Basketball Association during their little bubble league. We're going to get into the NBA. We're going to Kenosha. We're going to get into Jacob Blake. We are going to do all of that. But first, I want to just give a recap of the Republican National Convention.
00:02:44
Night three. If you guys did not see this convention tonight, it was incredible. I mean, some of the best speakers, Rick Grenell gave a phenomenal speech. Kayleigh McEnany, a Chinese dissident and human rights fighter and activist, which I think LeBron James would benefit from listening from Burgess Owens and so many others, Madison Cawthorn, my friend, who is going to be the youngest elected member of Congress if he wins his race in North Carolina, which it sure looks like he will.
00:03:10
But let's start with Vice President Pence. Vice President Pence, first, just the intro, just the setup was incredible. If you look at just how he comes right where we won that amazing victory, where our national anthem was inspired by Francis Scott Key, just the I have to give the convention credit at every single one of these setups. The imagery, the flags, the patriotism, the nationalism has been totally and completely incredible.
00:03:37
And so Pence was speaking live from Fort McHenry. Again, this is the site where the British in 1812 stood for where where we stood up against the British. I mean, stood up against the British and our young republic from the onslaught from British troops. It is also a place where off the coast of Baltimore Harbor, as a prisoner of the British, Francis Scott Key wrote The Star-Spangled Banner, which people say you're not allowed to say, you know, even recite in our country because it's allegedly racist.
00:04:08
Pence had some great quotes throughout the speech that the heroes that held this fort stood their life, stood for their life, liberty and freedom in the American flag. But they were hardly ever mentioned at last week's DNC. Instead, they took four days attacking America. Pence looked really strong. He looked stoic. He looked presidential. And an amazing personal witness to the president's love of our country. And amazing to actually have live applause. I think actually having a audience in front of him and also for Melania last night, I think it makes a lot easier for the audience to connect with what we're saying instead of just people at home saying, yeah, I agree with that.
00:04:48
You actually have people that are engaging with this speech in real time via other kind of notable quotables. As vice president said, Americans see President Trump in a lot of different ways, but there's no. How President Trump sees America is one of the best quotes of the entire convention. Another one is that America is a nation that deserves more gratitude than grievance. That is similar to something that I said in my speech and other speakers have been saying throughout this convention that we need to be grateful, not angry that we live in America.
00:05:18
Vice President Pence also said and if you want a president who fall silent while our history and our background is demeaned, Trump is not your man. Another one that he said is in a city known for talkers, President Trump is a doer. Now, of course, President Vice President Pence oversaw the Chinese coronavirus task force and rightfully pushed back against the false Chinese virus narrative when it came to ventilators, PPE and our response to the Chinese attack on our soil.
00:05:46
But he also acknowledged that there has been real loss, which is very important. And this is kind of in the tone of vice president's 2016 speech. Come on home, pushing to open up schools. He talked about his wife, who's a school teacher. So that's kind of a very intentional slight towards Dr. Jill Biden, who did her entire speech from a classroom, which I actually thought was one of the more effective speeches of the Democrat convention last week.
00:06:12
Now, also, Vice President Pence said, quote, Last week, Vice President Biden didn't say one word about the rioting and the violence on our streets. So let me be clear. The violence must stop, whether it's in Minneapolis, Portland or Kenosha. We will have law and order on our streets of this country for every American of every race, color and creed. And then he gave a beautiful tribute to Officer Dave Patrick Underwood. The tribute was phenomenal.
00:06:38
I just believe that Vice President Pence was one of the most effective political tacticians in dismantling Joe Biden. He did it from a very stoic perspective. And quite honestly, I was surprised at how aggressive Vice President Pence was going after Vice President Biden. I thought he did it very effectively. At the end of the speech, of course, President Trump and Melania joined them on stage as Trace Adkins came out and sang the national anthem again, where it was written.
00:07:05
Disabled American veterans were all throughout the front row. And unlike those spoiled brats, the National Basketball Association, they stood to honor our flag and our country. We are going to get to the NBA because there's a lot of breaking news happening with the National Basketball Association that ties with Kenosha, which ties to the Republican National Convention. I thought it was an incredible cap to the evening from an optics and a patriotism standpoint. President Trump and Mike Pence then walked over and joined all of them and took pictures with their supporters.
00:07:32
So let's kind of go through the evening. So first of all, just we want to make sure we mentioned Hurricane Laura is coming. Our thoughts and our prayers are to all people in the southeast, specifically in the Texas Louisiana border. It's a major Category four storm. Please seek shelter. It is not something to be joking about. And they say there's winds up to 150 miles an hour. So please stay safe. Kellyanne Conway floated out that President Trump could postpone the convention speech because the hurricane my people that I'm talking to at the White House said that's not going to happen, that President Trump is going to talk tomorrow.
00:08:06
So we'll see what happens. Now, I want to get to Kenosha because it's very important, because it's kind of the unspoken news story of the entire convention. But I just want to go through some of these other speakers first. Madison, Catherine Madison Cawthorn has been on our show here in The Charlie Cook Show twice. And before I get more into Madison's remarks, he's a total star. He'll be the youngest congressman in American history if elected. Same age when James Madison, Madison, Madison signed the Declaration of Independence.
00:08:34
If you guys email us your questions, freedom at Charlie Curcumin, we select your question here on the live stream. Then you guys get a signed copy of the New York Times best seller, The Maggot Doctrine. We gave away a bunch of books last night, so email us Freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Kirkup. Madison had some of the best lines in the entire convention. I think he actually had better lines than I did at certain times.
00:08:54
I got to give Madison credit. He was terrific information without wisdom, tribalism, not truth, phenomenal to liberals. Be a liberal. Listen to other ideas. This is a winning message for younger voters. In particular, Madison is calling out the absolute moral fraud that the left has become in our country. I thought and then, of course, Madison, he's unfortunately paralyzed from the waist down and then he stands for the flag. Meanwhile, those spoiled brats, the National Basketball Association, LeBron James and all those other individuals do not stand for our national anthem.
00:09:27
They sit, they they kneel. They don't sit. They kneel in total and complete disrespect to our veterans. Yet Madison Cothran, who can't stand stand for the national anthem. If a paraplegic can stand for our pledge and our flag, then these millionaires and billionaires that act like they're aggrieved, they can do that. Jack Brewer, also a former NFL player and member of BlackVoices. For Trump, from a political strategy standpoint, there's actually data coming out that shows that the Joe Biden for president campaign is increasingly nervous on how President Trump is making inroads in the black community.
00:10:01
I want to give credit to Jared Kushner. I would give credit to the entire team that has been focusing on black outreach. This has been the most effective Republican convention for going to ask for black people's votes than I have ever I've ever seen and has been doing it in a pandering fashion. It's been real life stories. Jack Brewer had an amazing faith filled message about binding up racial wounds. He ended up with quoting Second Chronicles 714, quote, If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my faith and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and I will forgive their sins and heal their land.
00:10:38
Also, the Chinese civil rights activist. I might mispronounce this. I mean, no disrespect. I thought he was incredibly powerful. Chen Guangcheng, I think I pronounce that correctly. Chinese civil rights activist, incredibly powerful. LeBron James should be forced to watch this guy, Chen Guancheng. He said, quote, The CCP, the Chinese Communist Party is an enemy of humanity. Very powerful message to send back to the White House and the entire country.
00:11:05
And did you notice that the Democrats did not have any sort of messaging at all on China because the Democrats are bought by the Chinese Communist Party? The Democrats are a wholly owned subsidiary of Mao Tse Tung 2.0, who calls himself Jipping. Hollywood is bought by the Chinese Communist Party. Sports are bought by the Chinese Communist Party. All of the movie producers are bought by the Chinese Communist Party, which of course is related to Hollywood. Wall Street is bought by the Chinese Communist Party, the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones 30 companies, industrial average.
00:11:34
Almost all of them are bought by the Chinese Communist Party. This is exactly why the Chinese Communist Party gets so angry when President Trump put sanctions on China and also by the Chinese Communist Party has immerse themselves so deeply in a Diane Feinstein and the rest of the Democrat leadership. Chang go on Chang total hero ignored by CNN because CNN is also a partially owned subsidiary of the Chinese Communist Party. No, not literally or materially, but CNN really holds the water for the Chinese Communist Party.
00:12:09
Andrew Cuomo also helps defend the Chinese Communist Party. He calls the Chinese coronavirus the European virus. This is where the Democrats stand on the most important issues in our country. Lee Zeldin, a dear friend of mine, he gave a phenomenal speech. And what I loved about his book, I just got to give credit to the Trump campaign, the convention.
00:12:28
No. Two speeches are similar. Every speech is going after a very specific group communicating under a unified message, a unified narrative. Lee Zeldin, who has phenomenal foreign policy credentials, gave a phenomenal defense of how the president's urgent message to the Chinese coronavirus helped his home district and gave kudos to Jared Kushner and the White House team. That's going to be one of the left's most ardent and impassioned attacks against the president. And it's imperative for the president and the Republican National Committee and the convention to continue to destroy this narrative.
00:13:03
If you can convince people that the president acted adequately and quickly in response to the Chinese attack on our nation, a viral attack on our nation of how the Chinese Communist Party wanted destroy America through a pathogen, then Trump's numbers will go up. We're also joined tonight by Senator Joni Ernst from Iowa. She talked about jobs. I love the heartland appeal. I love the fact that she was actually in front of a tractor, kind of in front of the kind of agricultural base of our country, something that Joe Biden does not believe in and cannot represent.
00:13:33
And she talked about how the green New Deal would essentially prohibit animal farming and kill farmers in our country. We are also joined tonight at the Republican National Convention by Sam Vigil. This is the husband of a woman, Jackie Vigil, who was killed in cold blood by a border jumping line cutting criminal who called himself an immigrant illegal in Albuquerque. Trump and President Trump and attorney generals bars Operation Legend brought her killer and his accomplices to justice. So think about this.
00:14:08
The Democrats put illegals on couches during their convention complaining. That they need free stuff from us, the American people and President Donald Trump puts people that lost their loved ones, their spouses and their wives because of illegal criminals in our country who actually stands with American people. Joe Biden doesn't. Kamala Harris doesn't. And by the way, Kamala Harris is getting some form of a rebuttal to the speech right now, probably waving her hands wildly and cackling her way through the entire speech.
00:14:37
We're going to I'm not going to watch because I actually want to be with you guys, more importantly. But I'm going to get notes and I'm going to respond to it in real time. It's a very, very powerful counternarrative to the left on gun violence. This is a heartbroken man. If you guys saw this is one of the most powerful testimonies of the entire convention because President Trump is a law and order president who won't let needless crimes stand.
00:15:01
What's the Democrat's solution? Block the very operation that brought to justice Jackie vigils killers. Clarence Henderson, the civil rights leader from the 1960s, tells the powerful personal story of his own civil rights struggle. He's talking about protesting racial injustice and segregation. This is the Republicans contending for the black vote. Thank you. Amen. Finally, we should go after the votes of all Americans forgotten America. He said, I'm a civil rights activist and I'm a Republican, by the way.
00:15:35
The civil rights era was, thanks to Republicans, to Republicans who authored the Civil Rights Act, passed the 13th in the 14th Amendment. It was the Republican Party that was founded as an anti slavery party. And Ripon, Wisconsin, is the Republican Party that cares about how people act, what they think, what they do, not what they look like, not in their immutable characteristics. I actually think there's going to be a massive halo effect from the strategy.
00:15:59
Not only do I think that Republicans are going to win over more black votes, but I think they're going to win over more suburban and independent voters because of the president and their focus on trying to win over black voters. It's going to give people who think that President Trump is a racist actually comfort in voting for President Trump. It kills the racist narrative. Former acting director of National Intelligence and my friend and current RNC adviser Rick Grenell gave a phenomenal speech.
00:16:29
You know, the one thing that I felt was missing from the last two evenings, and it's tough because there's only so much time you get was there is very little to no focus on how Obama and Biden spied on the incoming Trump administration. Well, who better to talk about that than Rick Grenell? He talked about Washington politicians and what they did for decades. You know, what they did for decades. They sent their loved ones to war to go fight for an objective that was not clear.
00:16:57
So Washington politicians could demagogue that, get a power trip, expand the national defense apparatus to really a national war apparatus and put us in perpetual and endless conflict that is not good for anyone. It's not good for our country. It's not good for the middle class, and it certainly is not good for our entire country. And so Rick Grenell said what Matt Gates said the first evening, which is that President Trump is the first president in our lifetime not to start a new war, the first president not to put us into an endless encounter overseas.
00:17:32
And again, we are taking your questions right here. Before I get further into Rick Grenell speech, freedom at Charlie Dotcom, freedom at Charlie Kirk Dotcom. If you email us your questions and we select your question, then you guys get a signed copy of free signed copy of the New York Times bestseller The Magga Doctrine. So Rick Grenell also talked about the spying. He talked about how President Trump was spied on by Joe Biden. He had a quote where he said, I saw the roots of the Russia bogus narrative.
00:18:02
And I can tell you that it was baseless. It was without any sort of evidence and was targeted at a president that they did not like. Obama spied, and then they all covered it up. The Democrats never want you to know who's actually in charge, but that's not the case for President Trump. Trump puts you in charge. The American people. Some of the other speakers that kind of stood out for me tonight, Kayleigh McEnany, was phenomenal.
00:18:27
Carly MacInerney shared her story about testing positive for the BRCA mutation. She shared a very touching story about a double mastectomy, about how Ivanka Trump was the first person to call her and the president called her. And this was long before she served as White House press secretary. A very humanizing story. The president very effective and very noteworthy, truly courageous of Caylee to share this very personal story in order to shed a light on who the president really is, the second lady, Karen.
00:18:58
So I don't think gets enough credit for the amazing work she does for our country. She talked about Susan B. Anthony and the 19th Amendment and the women's suffrage movement, which was thanks to Republican activism. And then Kellyanne Conway, who gave credit to the president for how he stands up for women, women in his administration. And obviously, the RNC is pushing tonight to make gains with suburban women. Currently, the president is down about 10 to 12 points and most polls of suburban women.
00:19:23
If President Trump can make up that deficit with suburban women and black voters and continue to motivate the base of the Republican Party, we are going to beat Joe Biden. We're going to get to some polling in just a second. Now, Sister Dr. Deidre Burn, a surgeon and former member of the Little Workers, The Sacred Heart of Jesus Mary. She gave a very powerful pro-life message. She called Donald Trump the most pro-life president ever and then called the Biden Harris the most radical abortion ticket in history.
00:19:55
Incredible. So, by and large, this convention between Sister Byrne has been the most aggressive push at winning the cultural battle against abortion. Makes sense considering the president's place in history as the most pro-life president to ever hold office. Then, of course, the great Lou Holtz. I love Lou Holtz. I always have. I love Lucy Hultz football commentary. I love Lou Holtz on television. I thought he was a phenomenal Midwestern Notre Dame football coach.
00:20:26
The strategic brilliance of having sister Deidre Byrne and then Lou Holtz is phenomenal. So Lou Holtz was the head football coach of Notre Dame four years. Notre Dame is not just an Indiana thing. It's all across the Midwest. If you're a Midwestern Catholic, you think very highly of Lou Holtz. You almost like sanctify the Notre Dame football coaches. And his love and appreciation for America really stood out for me. And he makes all of his decisions on three words trust, commitment and love.
00:20:56
And he said, can I trust him? President Trump says what he means and he means what he says. And he's kept more promises than he's made. Coach Coach Holtz came out as a strong pro-life advocate, calls Biden a Catholic in name only, shots fired from Coach Holtz. And then he said he committed President Trump always finds a way to get something done. It's a lot easier to find an excuse than a solution. Then he asked, do you love people?
00:21:20
Prison reform, school choice, welfare. Reform, President Trump loves our country and our great people trust, commitment and love, and if I ask these three questions out of Joe Biden, I can't say yes to these three questions. Trust. Joe Biden has been on every single issue of every topic, every side of every issue incorrectly. He supported the war in Iraq. Then he supported withdrawing from Iraq. He supported overthrowing Moammar Gadhafi. He supported not doing anything against ISIS, that he supported sending billions of dollars to Iran and one billion dollars of cash straight to Iran so that they could continue to hate our country and fund terrorist proxies to kill our middle class men and women that are fighting overseas.
00:21:59
I would encourage everyone to go back and listen to my favorite episodes with Charlie Kirchherr when I experienced when I explained last year why college football is essential to the American ethos. Coach Holtz is a picture of the American dream. He says he grew up in a one bedroom shack and is now the definitive voice of college football. Speaking at the RNC, he's so well respected across the Midwest. This was political brilliance by the Trump campaign and a complete reminder that America needs college football back.
00:22:26
We need college football back right here right now. We don't need the National Basketball Association. In fact, they're doing that for us. Actually, I actually don't want them cancelled. I'm not a cancellation guy, but the National Basketball Association actually doing that work for us. Michael McHale was a police officer and former president of the National Association of Police Organization. He recently endorsed the United States. And we've seen a massive flood of endorsements for the president from the police associations and unions.
00:22:52
Trump is the law and order president. And this segues perfectly to what I want to talk to you right now about Kenosha. There are some other great speakers throughout the evening that I want to get to, but I really want to get to Kenosha. What's happening in real time as one of an American city is burning down in front of us. And by the way, please email us your questions. Freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell.
00:23:12
And if we select your question, you guys get a signed copy of the New York Times bestseller, The Magna Doctrine. So Kenosha right now is on fire. How do we get here? Well, I want to just read some facts because the media is lying to the activist. Media is lying to you in real time. Julie Bosman, you guys can see their tweets for yourself at Julie Bosman. Let's just walk through the facts of what is happening in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
00:23:36
No one here. Let's go back in time. The Wisconsin Department of Justice Division of Criminal Investigation, which is investigating the shooting of Jacob Blake, is offering an initial account of what happened on Sunday. No one, according to the Department of Justice, Kenosha Police Department officers were dispatched to a residence and the 2800 block of Fortius Street after a female caller reported that her boyfriend was present. It was not supposed to be on the premises. From. Someone was committing a crime and was somewhere they weren't sure should be OK during the incident.
00:24:09
Officers attempted to arrest Jacob S. Blake, age 29. Law enforcement deployed a Taser in an attempt to stop Mr. Blake. However, the taser was not successful in stopping Mr. Blake. Let's stop there. I've heard thousands of people on social media say, well, why? Why didn't the police officers try to stop Mr. Blake with a taser? They did. The media is not fully covering this. In fact, we could go as far to say the media is lying to you.
00:24:37
The activist media is going out of their way to lie to you. The media is not telling you that Jacob Blake was there because he was committing a crime and his girlfriend called the police because she felt unsafe. Now, I'm going to get to a minute exactly what happened from there. And I'm not saying it was justified to shoot him in the back, but the lack of nuance when we talk about these sorts of issues and saying that we should cancel all basketball because of this, because some guy who is a known criminal who violates that order to go to his girlfriend and then resist arrest from a Taser.
00:25:09
Let me continue. Mr. Blake then walked around his vehicle, open the driver's side door and leaned forward. This is after the police tried to taison. So he said, sir, please stop. We are going to put you under arrest. He says, no, he resists arrest. They try to tease him. He continues on. He goes to his car while holding on to Mr. Blake's shirt. Officer Rustin fired his service weapon seven times. I'm not saying that part is justified.
00:25:35
I'm not. However, when your adrenaline is pumping and someone's going to a car to go grab what actually is turned out to be a weapon, be very careful how you judge these situations. During the investigation. Following the initial incident, Mr. Blake admitted that he had a knife in his possession, a lethal weapon. D.C.I. Agents recovered a knife from the driver's side floorboard of Mr. Blake's vehicle. A search of the vehicle located no additional weapons. And so what ensued is BLM Inc.
00:26:06
, the insurrectionist and the terrorists in our country decided that they wanted to burn down our entire civilization again. They decided to do this in the sleepy town of Kenosha, Wisconsin. I know Kenosha, Wisconsin, really well. I grew up about forty five minutes down the street from Kenosha, Wisconsin, and it is a shame of what they are doing to this American city that, quite honestly, does not deserve what is happening right now in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
00:26:30
They do not deserve the arson, the burning, the looting and the terrorism. So then according to witness accounts and video footage, this is going on to what happened last night before I get into last night. So BLM Inc. burns down all of Kenosha, Wisconsin, and the activist media says, well, it's mostly a peaceful protest. Oh, really? Mostly peaceful. You mean like they almost they didn't burn down the entire civilization. Now, I wanted to say this.
00:26:54
Jacob Blake is still alive. We're praying for him. He might be paralyzed. I am not justifying seven discharges of a weapon. However, I'm almost I'm also not saying that Jacob Blake acted perfectly here. In fact, he didn't. His own girlfriend called the police on him. There's not some guy strolling down the street. And the police officer said, oh, let's go after. No, he his own girlfriend thought that he was a menace to an innocent.
00:27:21
And so then he resists arrest after he was tasered, goes to his car to go grab a lethal weapon, and then the police officer discharged his weapon, that's the part that we have to have a conversation about. I'm not justifying or supporting it, but it's not like Jacob Blank was just sitting peacefully in his yard. It wasn't like it was just a five year old playing in his yard when a white five year old's playing in his yard and a black criminal comes and kills him.
00:27:48
And I'm not trying to overly racialized this because that's not the right way to have a civilized society. It's not how we built our civilization. However, when you have someone like Jacob Blake who was acting, let's just put it this way.
00:28:02
Why did his girlfriend call the police? Obviously, there's something that he hasn't done that's necessarily correct. She considered him a menace and again, not justifying the seven discharge of a weapon. But if you have no if you have no nuance at all and all you say is, oh, my goodness, another black man was in the hospital at the hands of a police officer, then you have a sloppy mind, you have a lazy mind, and you're trying to create racial unrest in our country.
00:28:24
It's that simple. And so now Kenosha, Wisconsin, a once sleepy town, has become a domestic terror hotspot for BLM Inc. You guys have seen this arson on television. I'm going to get into exactly what happened last night, but Cannon hit it in North Carolina, five year old white boy who was shot in cold blood in front of his sisters by a black criminal. I'm not trying to racialized this. I'm not. But the media didn't cover this at all, the activist media to cover this.
00:28:52
And guess what? No one called for the end of the NFL, the end of hockey, the end of MLB, Major League Baseball. You say that's a tragedy. Why is no one talking about this? Because it doesn't fit the narrative right now. The Democrat Party, they need racial unrest. But I'm going to tell you one thing. BLM, Inc. might get Trump re-elected. BLM Inc. actually might get Trump to win the White House, I'm going to get to that in a minute.
00:29:16
But then last night, I think it was Kyle Rittenhouse who is that young man who fired his weapon last night and killed two people. So the police don't do their job because they're outmanned. National Guard, because of Governor Evers, who's a Marxist who's running the state of Wisconsin, refuses the help from President Trump. So what happens, the terrorists take over, BLM, Inc., take over? And what do you expect is going to happen that people from all across the country and just decent, reasonable people are going to rise up?
00:29:49
Kyle Rittenhouse was being chased through the streets by these thugs. He had an AR 15, from what I could tell by the video. I'm not justifying what he did, by the way. I'm not. But you have to understand the story. He's going to chase through the streets. They smack him with a skateboard. He trips and falls, and then he fires his gun several times. Shots can be heard elsewhere. And Kyle Rittenhouse has been indicted for first degree murder.
00:30:16
Now, according to the witnesses and the video footage, police apparently led the young man, Kyle Rittenhouse, responsible for some or all the shootings, walk past them with the rifle over his shoulder as a member of the crowd were yelling at him. I'm not advocating for vigilante justice. I'm not. Media Matters, if you're watching this, I am not advocating for vigilante justice. I'm just asking, how do you get to vigilante justice? How do you get to something bad?
00:30:43
You get to something bad when the police are not welcome in your city, when the National Guard is not welcome in your city and you allow BLM Inc. to run. Kenosha, Wisconsin, a small, sleepy town on Lake Michigan in southeast Wisconsin, the sheriff told the Journal Sentinel that armed people have been patrolling the city streets in recent nights. I wonder why. Because you're not doing your job. But he did not know if the gunman was among them, there are militia that said there a vigilante group.
00:31:11
The FBI said it's assisting in this case. Now, Wisconsin Lieutenant Governor Mandella Barnes, who is black, said in an interview with a news program Democracy Now, which might as well be just state run Provida propaganda. I'm just I just got a news alert that Barack Obama is tweeting alongside LeBron James. Let's get that in real time. Thank you. That the shootings were not surprising and that white militias have been ignored for too long. I'm not supporting white militias, I'm not supporting vigilante justice.
00:31:40
But when you allow BLM Inc. to go into southeast Wisconsin under complete and total misinterpretation of the facts, you're going to get chaos. If you do not have stability, if you do not have the rule of law, then all sorts of very unruly, very questionable characters are going to come out of the woodwork and you're going to lose your civilization. You're going to lose your country. And so the lack of facts in this situation in particular has been incredibly concerning.
00:32:07
But we've burned down Minneapolis, we burned down Seattle, burned down Portland, burned down New York City, burned down Los Angeles around lies. Police officers keep communities safe. Police officers actually drop the rate of crime. Police officers are able to address these problems head on. And actually, thanks to Rudy Giuliani's pro police forms in the 1990s, more black and Hispanic people were able to live quiet and peaceable lives. Now, the National Basketball Association, which is part of overly paid, spoiled millionaire brats, has said they might cancel their season.
00:32:45
Doc Rivers, who is a millionaire black man coach for the year that the Clippers, I think he's a Clipper coach. Came out and said something ridiculous yesterday. We'll get the quote, but then President Barack Obama said, quote, I commend the players on the Bucs for standing up for what they believe in. Coaches like Doc Rivers and the NBA and WNBA, for example. So you take all of our institutions to stand up for our values. How about Barack Obama?
00:33:10
You say I don't support the seven discharges of a firearm, but why did Jacob Blake resist arrest? Why did it take a taser and then a weapon? Why did it take that? How about Barack Obama? You say something with the facts of this case. It wasn't like Jacob Blake was just sitting in a car and someone said, now's a great time to go execute him. This is a diabolical campaign to turn people against each other on race, BLM Inc.
00:33:37
want a race war in this country, which is really a class war. That's what they want. Doc Rivers, Barack Obama, they can fly on their private jets all day long, but you know who the real people that are going to suffer is when the police retreats, black, middle class and lower middle class families are going to have to fend for themselves and they're going to get slaughtered. Here's just some statistics on police. 12 percent of all white and Hispanic homicide victims are killed by cops each year.
00:34:07
Four percent of all black homicide victims are killed by cops each year. Why? Because a black on black homicide rate is so high. Did you know that a police officer is eight and a half times more likely to be killed by a black man than an unarmed black man is to be killed by a cop? Do you know that black men make up 42 percent of all the cop killers over the last decade, even though they're six percent of the nation's population?
00:34:29
If you look at all the integrational, all the interracial violence, victimizations, excluding homicides, so robberies, aggravated assaults and rapes, blacks commit 85 percent of all interracial victimizations. Whites commit 15 percent. Last year, there were 15 unarmed blacks killed by police. Some say nine. You go one by one. About three out of the 15 were probably incidents where the police should be tried. The other ones are people that were in their car. They said they had weapons or they charge police officers forcibly.
00:35:00
There are 1000 fatal police shootings every single year out of 365 million police interactions a year, blacks make up 25 percent of these fatal police encounters, even though they commit 10 times the amount of gun violence of whites and Hispanics combined. The rate at which officers use force, lethal or not, is directly connected to the rate of violent crime, not race. That has nothing to do with race in New York City. Black males, I'm sorry. In New York City, blacks make up 23 percent of the population, yet they make up 50 percent of all the police stops.
00:35:34
Now, people say, well, it's because of racial profiling. No, it's not. Don't fall for that trap. Blacks commit 75 percent of all the shootings in New York City. And yet LeBron James and Obama and Doc Rivers, they don't talk anything about the absolute. Crime of black on black virus in this country or no fathers, they're going to shut down the National Basketball Association. Sure. LeBron James, great. No one's watching you anyway.
00:36:02
Trap around and you say Black Lives Matter. You're silent on Chicago's silent on the million abortions a year in our country, your silent of the absolute slaughter of the declining black birth rate in this country. There are few people that animate me as much as LeBron James, but LeBron James is the worst of the intersection of foolishness, deceit, power, fame and money.
00:36:26
So to finish the statistic, if you add Hispanics to black shootings in New York City and you account for nearly one hundred percent of all the drive by shootings in just New York City alone, we're going to get even more facts throughout this. But if we do not have facts about what's actually happening in this country. Then we're just going to lob the loudest demagogue to win, and that's what they want, and this is their playbook to defeat Donald Trump, but it's not working.
00:36:50
It's actually I have to give credit to Benny Johnson. I was just hanging out with any Johnson. Benny made a great point. Black Lives Matter very well could have been a Tea Party style movement that could have denounced the extremism in their ranks. They could have said no. Anyone who does violence is not part of BLM. You're out, gone. They could have consolidated themselves to a true political movement. They had 68 percent approval ratings in certain parts of the country.
00:37:15
Instead, BLM Inc. might win Trump the White House, you want to hear some recent polling numbers, how about Wisconsin? The latest Wisconsin poll by Trafalgar, which was the most accurate polling firm going into 2016, has President Donald Trump up one point in Wisconsin. Go ahead, BLM, Inc., go burn down our entire civilization. We're not going to take that. We decent, reasonable Americans are not going to tolerate the arson of America. We're not.
00:37:47
And the more that you go out of your way to try to destroy normal people's lives, there is going to be a response to that.
00:37:53
Some of the other recent polls show that Donald Trump is coming very closely in the margin of error shows Donald Trump up two points in North Carolina, Donald Trump only down one point in Arizona, Donald Trump only down three points. In Pennsylvania, only three points in Florida, all within the margin of error. And these are change polls and CNBC polls. A three point shift in Trump's direction last week shows no post convention boost for Joe Biden, but definitely President Trump will get one this week after his convention.
00:38:23
So now you have all this ties together. Amazing night for the Republican National Convention. But Barack Obama and Doc Rivers and LeBron James, the Lakers and the Clippers have recently voted to cancel their season. Do they want Trump to win at this point? I mean, people at some point do not want their core cultural institutions to just be complete and total fools at all times. But that's where LeBron James is. And it's very dangerous. By the way, more people are going to unfortunately die in the crossfire of what LeBron James is creating in this country.
00:38:56
You want to cancel basketball? Go ahead. I'm not watching it any way. It's incredibly dangerous what these people are doing. We want to take some of your questions. Freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Kirkos. And if we select your question, you guys get a signed copy of the Magna Doctrine. But BLM Inc. actually might get President Trump re-elected, you see, in early June. I was worried about the movement of BLM. Now we hear the Charlie Kirk show, we said this once.
00:39:24
We believe all lives matter. We believe black lives matter. We believe all lives matter. We say it that way all the time. All lives matter and black lives matter. We do not say the organizations, Annette. We say BLM Inc, because when I criticize the organization, I want to make sure I'm making it very separate than criticizing a phrase that is true. I want to make sure I'm. Separating the two BLM Inc. in early June very well could have been a very political, powerful political movement.
00:39:53
Instead, they have now been one of the number one based drivers for conservative support in the entire country. They very well might be one of the reasons why President Trump is going to win the White House. Did you guys see last night? I want to get the exact quote on this, Chris Cuomo. And Don Lemon chatting late last night, kind of they're heading off to the show and Don Lemon said. I just want to be honest with the audience, it's coming up in focus groups.
00:40:23
It's coming up in polling. It's coming up and everything we're doing. The riots are playing a role here, it's resonating. And Joe Biden has not denounced the riots, it's because this is the base of his party, as Victor Davis Hanson beautifully says, these are the shock troops. You see, Joe Biden made an alliance with the Bernie Sanders wing of the party. The Bernie Sanders wing of the party is pro Carson, pro terrorism, pro destruction of our cities.
00:40:50
And you can see it happening in real time in Kenosha. They all love Bernie Sanders. So Joe Biden made this alliance and by making this alliance. He has now lost control of being able to denounce what is happening in the inner cities and even in Kenosha, Wisconsin. I'm going to read this exact test by Don Lemon text, I'm going to read this text and that test by Don Lemon. He says the Rorschach test, which is a test, which is true.
00:41:18
Here's what he says. What's happening in Kenosha is a Rorschach test for the entire country. Don Lemon said, and I think this is a blind spot for Democrats. I think Democrats are ignoring this problem. Are hoping that it will go away. This is Don Lemon speaking, who's a complete fraud and it's not going to go away.
00:41:36
And so unless someone comes up with a solution over the next 73 days or 70, so however many days are left, 68 days, the problem is not going to go away. The problem is not going to be fixed by then, but then what can they do? And I think maybe Joe Biden maybe afraid to do it. He's got to address it. He's got to come out and talk about it. Don Lemon continued. He's got to come out and do a speech like Barack Obama did about race.
00:42:02
He's got to come out and tell people that he's going to deal with this issue of police reform in this country. What's happening now on Donald Trump's watch when he is the president, Kamala Harris, the vice president, then they'll take care of this problem? Guess what? The rioting has to stop this Doublemint. Chris, as you know and I know it's because showing up in the polling, it's showing up in the focus groups, it is the only thing right now that is sticking.
00:42:26
Now, I just want. If the media was at all honest. Don Lemon's not worried about actually people dying in the streets. Don Lemon is not worried about businesses being burned. He says this at the end. It's showing up in the focus groups. It's the only thing right now that is sticking. Showing up in the polling. Don Lemon only cares about this because he thinks it actually might hurt them politically. Don Lemon doesn't care that innocent lives are being lost in the inner cities of our country.
00:42:59
He only cares because Trump could win. He doesn't care that black businesses are being burned. He doesn't care that innocent lives are being caught in the crossfire. He doesn't care that police officers are being demonized. He only cares about it from a political vulnerability standpoint. That's how Don Lemon views the world. What actually might get in the way of Democrats getting more power? That's what Don Lemon is most concerned about. He's actually worried as well, might be really tough for Democrats to win after this, might be really tough for us to defeat Donald Trump.
00:43:36
I want to get to some of your questions, your freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Dotcom, but for those of you that are just tuning in, we did an entire and comprehensive takedown of what has happened in Kenosha. And just to just to kind of recap it, there's a lot more to the story than the activist media is telling you, that Jacob Blake was called the police were called on him by his girlfriend. He was not just an innocent bystander.
00:43:59
He resisted arrest. He was tasered, went to his car, grabbed a weapon. And then I do not support the seven discharges of a firearm. I think that's probably an overreaction. It's probably incorrect and improper. That's why we have a judicial system, however, to say that Jacob Blake acted perfectly, he totally complied. He did with the police officer, told him to do is a lie.
00:44:23
LeBron James knows it's a lie. Doc Rivers knows it's a lie. And they're only sending this sort of message because they're worried that Donald Trump might actually get re-elected. In fact, LeBron James said that he tweeted that in all caps today. He said, I'm getting so sick of this guy.
00:44:39
OK, LeBron James. And we went through some of the numbers on police in this country, more police means more black lives are saved, more stability, more black prosperity. The Democrats are always looking for another issue to be able to turn people against each other, the Democrats are political opportunists Democrats want. Division to sow chaos so that they can assume control, that is the Democrat playbook, its rules for radicals, it is one of the key rules that they talk about within the playbook of how they go about to assume power.
00:45:18
Right now, they're failing on a lot of different issues. And I think one of the most ironic twist. The beasts that they created might actually destroy them. You see, they allowed BLM Inc. to go nuts.
00:45:31
They've allowed BLM to do whatever they want, and they thought that decent and reasonable Americans are not going to say, you know, I was with you on kind of the George Floyd incident was not handled correctly thing, but the eighty one days of rioting and looting, not a total fan of that.
00:45:52
Here's a prediction for you, a couple of predictions and I want to get to your questions at Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell, freedom at Charlie Kirchen, please email me your questions. And if I take one of your questions, you guys get a signed copy of the New York Times bestseller, The Magna Doctrine. Number one, Joe Biden is going to blame the riots on Donald Trump. This is going to happen in the next couple of days. It's unavoidable.
00:46:12
Donald Trump has to get out and out of it. And I think that Donald Trump actually has to send in the National Guard and quell this rebellion very quickly and show that he could do that, the people that I'm talking to in southeast Wisconsin are demanding that President Trump does exactly that. Biden's strategy is to pathologically lie his way to the White House, not even his strategy, it's his team around him. They understand that now the riots are becoming the number one issue in our country.
00:46:40
They're now understanding that the crime that is spreading all throughout the Midwest, all across Chicago and all the way to New York and Los Angeles is becoming a huge political vulnerability. But by the way, outside of the political vulnerability, this is an evil thing happening in our country. Can we just address it because it's the right thing to do, not because we think that people are going to get votes or not get votes because of it. President Barack Obama again tweeted out in support of the NBA taking time off.
00:47:10
Which actually might be a good thing for our country if the National Basketball Association isn't playing, but now BLM Inc. is a political and insurrection movement that is viewed very unpopular across the electoral battleground states that could have very well been a very full fledged political movement. That, I believe is actually helping Republicans and I actually don't support I'm not a I'm not a Don Lemon guy. So if if I take Don Lemon's thesis at face value, if I want Donald Trump to get re-elected, then I would want the rioting to continue.
00:47:50
But I don't I don't like innocent lives to be caught in the crossfire. I don't like to see innocent people suffer. I don't like to see people that meanwell to see their livelihoods completely and totally destroyed. I don't like that.
00:48:05
And I think that unlike Don Lemon. I think that we as Republicans, if we can, and conservatives and Trump supporters, if we can solve this problem, that we're actually going to be richly rewarded politically. Let me get to some of your questions here. Freedom at Charlie Curcumin. Again, we are recapping a phenomenal night at the Republican National Convention. Here's one right here. Charlie, I love your show. I thank God for you. Thank you.
00:48:28
I listen almost daily from Boise, Idaho. Cheese at this point, what is the biggest obstacle to a fair political process? Can the media be held liable for the way they are shamelessly mis covering news? God bless. Keep fighting. Look, they absolutely need to be held accountable. Unfortunately, there's not many ways to do that. That's why Nicholas Sandeman is an American hero for what he did. Nicholas Sandeman, suing CNN successfully and suing The Washington Post successfully is one of the greatest acts of holding the media accountable that we are going to see in recent memory.
00:49:01
Here's Tabora T. Hillary is already telling Biden not to concede to Trump under any circumstances. If Trump is declared the winner. If he doesn't concede, does it even matter? What are the possible ramifications of that? Thanks, Charlie. Tambra t so look, it's kind of funny because they actually accused Donald Trump of this. They accuse Donald Trump of not conceding the election and not conceding the election results yet. They're the ones that are actually doing it.
00:49:27
So incredibly Orwellian. And for those of you that aren't really familiar with Orwell, he wrote 1984, he wrote Animal Farm. So here's how Orwellian thinking work. It's called double speak or double talk or double think. It's all kind of the same thing. So would be if I go up to somebody eating some cookies and I asked them how many cookies did you eat and say, I eat three cookies? Are they really a ten cookies? That would be a lie.
00:49:51
Here's how doublespeak works, doublethink works, I go up to the person eating cookies and say, how many cookies do doing, they got crumbs all over their face and they say.
00:50:01
I didn't eat any cookies. You did? What are you talking about, like, I see you eating the cookies now. I don't need any cookies. You did. And you're also a racist and your country's off. Awful. Like, what are you talking about? That is how Orwellian thinking works. So Hillary telling Biden not to concede while they're the ones thinking that Trump is not going to relinquish power in office. Look, if he doesn't concede, it doesn't matter, doesn't take someone to concede to win the White House is just precedent.
00:50:26
All it takes is for 270 electors to go to the Electoral College and to elect a United States. The ramifications are Joe Biden will go down as a sore loser and he's on pace to lose. Joe Biden's on pace to lose and President Trump is on pace to win. Do you know that on Friday, the day after he gives his primetime address tomorrow, he's on the road again in New Hampshire? The more Trump travels, the more he moves, the more his support grows.
00:50:48
Because Joe Biden is the shelter in place, candidate and virus numbers go down. The American people are going to have no tolerance at all whatsoever. So this is a very interesting thing. The media needs to keep the virus message going to get to keep Biden's political numbers up. Here's the next question. And again, if you guys email us and we select your question, freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom freedom at Charlie Dotcom, then you guys get a signed copy of the New York Times bestseller The Magna Doctrine.
00:51:15
Hey, Charlie, love your content. How do you explain support of President Trump when people discredit everything he has done because they hate him so much? Is it worth the fight with people so filled with hate? Just ask questions, Jesse. Say, do you not like the fact that Iran is being held in check, that illegal immigration is finally being addressed, that we had the lowest black, Hispanic, disabled and Latino unemployment well before the virus?
00:51:35
Do you not like the fact that China is finally being held accountable? Do you not like the fact that President Trump is actually addressing the cartel of rotten insiders that have done so much damage to our country? Some people just feel with malevolent bitterness and deceit. There will be 60 million people that come up and vote against Donald Trump. All we need is to win by one more vote. Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Florida, North Carolina, Iowa, Ohio, and obviously the core states that are going to be no brainers and we win the White House.
00:52:00
Doesn't matter how many angry people show up, praise God for the founding fathers for coming up with the Electoral College system. Let's get to some more questions here. Jonah from Illinois. Hi, Jonah. I'm going to send you a New York Times best seller, The Mega Doctrine, because I'm selecting your question. Also, it's good to hear from someone from Illinois. Hey, Charlie, I was just curious if you think the Republican National Convention will boost Trump in polling and his odds in the general election?
00:52:25
And if so, what night do you think would be the most effective to grab those voters who are still undecided? First of all, yes, I think that Trump is going to get a massive boost from this convention, a very serious one, because most people are not supporting Donald Trump in the polls because they did not feel adequate reason enough to go support him. It was not like enthusiastic support for Joe Biden. So I just want to paint that picture for you versus Mitt Romney and versus John McCain.
00:52:47
The support for Joe Biden was a reluctant flight to safety support. Like I don't really feel comfortable. Donald Trump, the persuasiveness, the persuasion, brilliance of this convention is going to allow people to have that kind of comfort in voting for Donald Trump, something that has been really missing, quite honestly, over the last couple of months. And so, yes, I think they're going to get a very big boost. And I think that the odds are going increasingly in Donald Trump's favor.
00:53:14
I love looking at the betting odds, the latest betting odds. Just so you know, last week before the Democratic National Convention began, the betting odds had Donald Trump at 31 percent, at winning 31 percent. In fact, you go all the way to about a month ago and had him at 36 percent. The odds now have Donald Trump at 45 percent of winning and Joe Biden at 54 percent when the betting markets are rarely ever wrong. These are people that are able to just place it's this no different than sports betting.
00:53:47
It's getting within the margin of error very, very quickly. I think there's going to be a significant Trump boost in the convention. Let's take a couple more questions here. Hi, Charlie. I'm a conservative college student. You should get involved. Turning Point USA. I've felt like a proud American watching the RNC so far, but then I feel discouraged when I go on social media to see my liberal friends castigating the RNC, the president, conservatives in general.
00:54:08
How do you suggest I deal with these conflicting emotions while avoiding political conversation? These liberals, whom I consider my friends, be better for my sanity or to have responsibility, correct their misconceptions and share my conservative values. Sincerely, Taylor T.. Thank you for listening. By the way, you win a signed copy, the Maggie Doctrine. It's tough. It's tough. And I've been through that. I think that very little good happens when you engage endlessly in these kind of conversations and these kind of Internet debates back and forth with liberals and with leftists.
00:54:36
However, I think it is fair to pick out certain conversations and kind of post once or twice, then retreat from that conversation is kind of see how it goes. I actually think that conservatives need to engage more, not less, with people that spread outright lies and act like micro tyrants online. That being said, if you do that with some of your friends, you're going to lose a lot of friends. This understand? You're going to lose a lot of friends if you come out and you stand for truth.
00:55:01
But that's why I encourage you to get involved. Turning Point USA. That's exactly why we do what we do. Kevin Jay from Brewster, New York. He said, New York is going red. Just watch. I actually love hearing that because of someone who's on the ground in New York is saying that and they're seeing those trends in New York. I think it's pretty fair to say that Minnesota is going to go red. He says Grinnell just nuked the deep state thoughts.
00:55:23
Huge fan. Love your show. Thank you. Kevin J. I'm going to send you a signed copy of the New York Times best seller, The Magna Doctrine. Yeah, I mean, look, the deep state spied on Donald Trump created a intragovernmental coup against a president. This involves salivates. This involved Susan Rice, Esveld, Joe Biden. This involved every level of the executive branch of government to go after Donald Trump. I think Donald Trump needs to talk about the spy scandal and Spygate even more.
00:55:47
I bet you're going to hear something from him tomorrow night. In his address, Nicholas said, Do you think labeling BLM as a terrorist organization will open the door for the federal government to conduct arrests of activists associated with BLM? Yes, BLM should be classified as a domestic terror organization. We should ryko their finances. We should go after people that are funding the. And we should hit them very, very hard, very quickly. Hello, Charlie, huge fan, I've been expressing my conservative views on Instagram recently, and I was wondering how to deal with all the nonsense when I go back to school.
00:56:19
Well, get a couple close conservative friends and be ready for a massive amount of retaliation for the views that you hold. That's all I can say, Connor, because it is it's a hard environment. In fact, it's a tougher environment than ever before to be an outright and spoken conservative in this atmosphere. Remember, the left hates the idea that there are other ideas. They want college to be a place where everyone looks different but thinks the same.
00:56:40
And their idea of diversity is skin color, not diversity of thought. Very, very important that you guys can continue to be ambassadors of freedom and for liberty, no matter what happens. Stand for American exceptionalism. Stand for our Constitution, stand for Western civilization, stand for moral thinking. David T. says this. Hi, Charlie. I live in California and have seen an enormous amount of enthusiasm for the Trump Pense administration. My county close to zero support for Biden.
00:57:09
Also in Southern California, the 25th Congressional District was flipped red for the first time in 1998. This past May, I was running everything. Think Trump has potential to flip California red? You know California better than I do. I know some people that are working very hard on this. Pastor Rob McCoy, Pastor Jack Hibbs and many others. I don't think California is going to turn red, but I think if you're seeing enthusiasm for Trump in California, I can only imagine what is being felt on the ground in Florida, Minnesota and in other areas.
00:57:37
Guys, please continue to email me your questions. And and if you guys, we're going to send out another ten copies of the Magga doctrine. If you just show your subscribe to our podcast, those you watching on Facebook, on YouTube, just go to that podcast link, go to the Apple charts right there, just right on the Apple Link press subscribe. Give us a five star review. Screenshot and email us at Freedom at Charlie Kirk, Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Dotcom.
00:57:59
Here's a question. It is Bretz from Michigan. Hey, Charlie, I really want to help the president. What can I do? We have to win Michigan. Thanks so much. The biggest thing you could do to get the president re-elected is to think small, not big. What I mean by that? Own your precinct. Own your neighborhood. Every door that you see when you drive home know what doors are voting for Trump and know what doors are not voting for Trump.
00:58:21
We as conservatives sometimes think to macro, not micro enough. So when you drive home from work and you see the ten doors, your neighbors and you know all their names, be bold enough to go to those neighbors and say, are you supporting President Donald Trump? And if not, can I walk you through? I think you should. And some might say I hate you about blah, blah. That's the type of boldness that it's going to take to get President Donald Trump re-elected.
00:58:44
Own your neighborhood. If you own your neighborhood, we're going to get this president re-elected. Just own the city block that you live in. And we can get President Trump four more years. Email us your questions. Freedom at Charlie Cook dotcom guys, if you want to get vote. Turning Point USA. I'm wearing a turning point T-shirt. All these comments around my personal behalf tonight. But get a T-shirt from thirty point USA. You guys go to CPUSA Dotcom, get involved.
00:59:10
Turning Point USA, a USA Dotcom. Tomorrow, President Donald Trump speaks live from the White House. I'm going to be there and we're going to have instant reaction. I thought Vice President Pence was terrific tonight. Madison Cawthorn, a star, is born happy to say he was a twice guest on the Charlie Turk show before a lot of people were talking about him. Ambassador Rick Grenell was terrific. Burgess Owens and so much more. Stay tuned for the Charlie Kirk Show for unique commentary.
00:59:35
Keep on e-mailing us your questions. Freedom at Charlie Kirk Dotcom. You guys know that we are the place for insight, philosophical, philosophical analysis, historical analysis, diving deeper and explaining what's happening in our country in ways that everyone can understand. And we pray and we hope that we can keep this country great and excellent for future generations. We have our best hundred years ahead. God bless you guys. Thanks so much for watching and listening. We'll see you tomorrow night.








PODCAST16)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey, everybody, Democrats for Trump. We have Vernon Jones, who stole the show on Monday evening at the Republican National Convention. I also spoke here on The Charlie Cook Show, a black Democrat voting for Donald Trump. Make sure you guys are subscribe to the Charlie Cook Show type and Charlie Cook show your podcast provider hit Subscribe. Give us a five star review screenshot and email us at Friedemann. Charlie Kirkconnell, if you guys want a signed copy of the New York Times bestseller The Maggie Doctrine, and also email me your questions any time at Friedemann, Charlie Cook Dotcom.
00:00:37
And finally, please consider supporting us at Charlie Cook dot com slash support. Charlie Cook dot com slash support. Give us a five star review if you can on the podcast app. Vernon Jones is here. Democrats for Trump. Buckle up, everybody. Here we go.
00:00:51
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Cook's run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:01:21
That's why we are here and our fast paced world. It's tough to make reading a priority. At least it used to be. A new app called Thinker has solved that problem by summarizing the key ideas from new and noteworthy nonfiction, giving you access to an entire library of great books in bite sized form. Read or listen to hundreds of titles in a matter of minutes, including old classics like Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People, the recent bestsellers like Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life.
00:01:46
If you want to challenge your preconceptions, expand your horizons and become a better thinker, go to think Rigolets and end Charlie to start an extended free trial and put your mind in motion.
00:02:00
Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of the Charlie Kirk Show. I am joined by Vernon Jones, who spoke at the Republican National Convention. We both spoke together on the opening night of Vernon Jones. Is a former Democrat or is a Democrat. I want to have him say it for himself. Vernon, welcome to the Charlie Kirk Show. Tell us your story and tell us why you support President Trump.
00:02:20
Well, thank you so much. I am a lifelong Democrat. I am black, but I'm also out touch with the Democratic Party, meaning I didn't leave them. They left me the things that they embrace now, such as no borders, turning their back on law enforcement, how the Democratic Party has treated African-Americans, although we've been a captive audience to them for the past thirty, forty five years, they haven't done anything to reduce. When I look at President Donald Trump, he has a track record of getting things done.
00:02:50
He's about results. And certainly not only has he lifted his entire country, but he has a track record. He's done more to help the African-American community than any president. Probably going back to Richard Nixon.
00:03:01
You talk more about that, because that is not the conventional perspective of the mainstream activist press. They say that President Trump is and is an enemy of black people. Can you just walk us through that, especially for some of our listeners and viewers that don't always hear the perspective that you have?
00:03:18
Well, the liberal media is part of what I call the slave masters. They're the ones who literally plant, I would say, those agent provocateurs to attack independent thinking black men like me and women from coming off the plantation. Why? Because they don't want us to be able to think independently. And I think that was clearly demonstrated in a couple of more recent examples. One, Joe Biden talking about, if you don't vote for me, you ain't black to when he said that black people's thinking are not as diverse as Latinos.
00:03:52
And then more recently, again with the liberal media on MSNBC, when you saw me do an interview with Craig Melvin because I was telling him why I support this president based on his policies and based on his positions and what he's done directly for the African-American community, he didn't want to hear that. What he wanted to hear was what he asked me was in that was what he asked me. I'm sure someone whispered in his ear. But he said, Are you being paid by the Trump organization?
00:04:20
That was bigoted in itself? That shows that liberals at that station are upset because I didn't fit their narrative. I didn't care. Therefore, I didn't attack Donald Trump. Ironically, it was a reporter that was being paid. And that station is being paid to attack Donald Trump and not let African-Americans feel that they have people who feel and express the way themself, the way I do come on their show without being attacked and run back into a hole.
00:04:47
But they didn't know. I'm not like Joe Biden and I'm not one of those what you call those things that come out every year trying to determine what the weather's going to be like. A groundhog. Yeah, I'm not a Groundhog Day. I'm going to run me back. And this president is not a Grnholm. He is really working to earn the black vote and they can't scare him off by the tradition to scare off Republican candidates.
00:05:11
So can you walk us through more of kind of did you support President Trump in twenty sixteen? What was your view of him in 2016 and what specifically has. Would you to be a Trump supporter now in 2020, speaking at the convention? Well, when I saw him come down the escalator escalator, like many others with Mrs. Trump and heard what he had to say, I said, you know what? This man is talking about kind of the kind of talk.
00:05:34
And it's kind of interesting. I think maybe seventy six plus songs were man and rap songs, too, that featured Donald Trump. Donald Trump had an amazing relationship with African-Americans, from Jesse Jackson to Al Sharpton to Jay-Z, all the others, including Herschel Walker. And he wasn't a racist and he wasn't a bigot then or else they would not have been hanging out with him. As a matter of fact, Jesse Jackson gave the president award from Operation Push.
00:06:02
So I liked what he had to say. And when he started to run, I say this guy has what it takes to become president. But nobody paid me an attention like the media they laughed at and they didn't think that he can get elected. But he was saying exactly what people were feeling but were afraid to say it because of what the liberal media and others will do to you. And so when he got elected, I was on board already on board.
00:06:26
And my friends say, whatever you did say, we're going to get elected. Shreddies don't get elected because that's what the American people were feeling. And he he had a whole new different idea of how to be president. He didn't do it the traditional way. We always looking for, oh, this person is not presidential. I don't care about being presidential, not being presidential. What I care about is results. And Donald Trump stood up to foreign countries and brought to the table so they can pay their fair share.
00:06:51
We have now real fair trade agreements what he's done for this country prior to the pandemic record number of jobs and certainly in the black community, small businesses and others. I will give the credit to the Obama and the mixed Congress tenure. They did stop the bleeding with the economy. But when Donald Trump came on board, understanding business, understanding Wall Street and trade, he said this economy on steroids, that's why we're still still seeing even in this in this pandemic gains in the stock market and record gains in many other places.
00:07:25
So this president is on target and he supports law enforcement. That's important.
00:07:31
So can can you speak a little bit about what you are seeing in the black community? Do you see that more and more black people are supporting President Trump than in 2016? And I want to dive deeper into that. But that's my first question. Do you think that the support for President Trump is greater today than it was in 2016?
00:07:46
Well, clearly I do. I think the support among white people is greater, as I'm not only just in a black community, I'm in a white community. The problem is whites don't want to say that they support Donald Trump because they don't want to be called racists. And blacks don't want to say they support Donald Trump because they don't want to be called a sellout. But both of them are there. They're solid majorities there. And they're going to do what they did in 2016 and they're going to re-elect this president, I hear, all the time.
00:08:10
Matter of fact, even after my speech last night, when my speech last night, my phone and my all my social media has been blown up. And many of them said, Bernie, you know, I may not agree with you on some things, but, you know, I couldn't I couldn't disagree. What you said last night were true about the Democratic Party and not have thought about what you said is true about what Donald Trump has done.
00:08:31
I'm going to rethink my vote in some just said I've never voted Republican at all. They're going to vote for me. So that that's a good thing. Charlie, is, you know, about that Republican convention all the networks had to carry. So those traditional liberal networks, this always Anton, Donald Trump, they got a chance to hear and see from people across this country in all sectors, from first responders to business people to people like me.
00:08:55
What this president is really about, from tight muscles, tough workout signs of aging to simply make it through each and every busy day. Everyone understands what it feels like to be tense and saw. No one likes that so everyone can benefit from their ones. CBD Products started by Dr. Jason Worland. Theravada exist to provide you with the best scientifically validated natural solutions to help soothe your body and relax your mind. It started with Revolutionary Therapy Percussive Therapy device. When Dr Jason saw the benefits of using CBT and his treatments, he created then FERA one to bring you CBD products done right.
00:09:30
Use their once warming lotion, your morning routine, the cooling lotion or massage oil to recover body balm for targeted relief to drift into a deep night's sleep. Now through Labor Day Monday, September 7th, everyone is offering our listeners a buy one, get one free for all their one products. But you've got to go to a gun dotcom. That's there, done there. A gun like you have a gun dotcom slash. Kirk, this is not something everyone is likely to do again.
00:09:54
So buy one. Get one free at FERA gun dotcom slash Kirk, but only until Labor Day. Go right now to thare gun dotcom slash Kirk.
00:10:04
So you said something. I want to make sure I get this correct. You said this. The Democratic Party does not want black people to leave the mental plantation they have had us on for decades. And he said when Trump sought the African-American vote, the Democrat Party leaders went crazy and. I'm quoting you here, Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer literally started wearing kente cloth scarves around the Capitol. Can you talk more about this? It was one of my favorite lines the entire evening.
00:10:29
Well, actually, Chuck Schumer actually, I think, wore a dashiki. The point of it is they panic because no other candidate, presidential candidate and I will say this, both Democrat and Republican, has worked as hard to earn the black vote running for office as President Donald Trump. No other going back to probably John Kennedy. And that's because President Trump knows black people. President Trump has worked with black people. He's hired black people. He's had him on his apprentice show.
00:11:01
He's contributed to black presidential candidates elections. And so this president is not foreign to black people. And the Democrats always had that captive audience. They can always have someone to scare a Republican candidate away if they even give the impression or gave the impression they wanted to try to earn the black vote. And they got they got and they would get free to run away. But President Trump, they cannot run him away. That's that goes back to him being a nontraditional candidate and a nonpolitician.
00:11:34
President Trump is competitive. He'll go where his weakness is and beat you where your weakness is. And he did that. He showed that when he beat all those elected officials of governors, congressmen and senators because he's competitive and competitive in nature. And that's why the world leaders are afraid. Donald Trump, because Donald Trump, he can checkmate them and he's beating them at their own game. And so I'm not at all dissuade because the Democratic Party's panic, I recognize that they're panicking because of me, because normally they would they would beat up a black or beat up a Democrat.
00:12:12
That came out for a Republican only, though, if they're black, if they're white, they'd give them a free ride. Zell Miller not only supported George Bush for reelection, but Zell Miller spoke at the Republican convention. No Democrat said a damn thing about it. We've had conservative congressman from Georgia. Democrats voted against almost everything Obama put on the table, but the Democratic Party would give them a pass. But when a black independent thinking man or woman does that, the bigotry comes out.
00:12:41
They owe you too big for your britches. You're supposed to take our lead, we don't think, for you. As a matter of fact, even the Democratic Senatorial Committee, when I ran for the US Senate, they don't go out support and recruit African-American candidates. They want White House in the Democratic Party.
00:12:58
Wow. So do you think the Democrat Party is the party of racism? I think it's a large part of bigotry, I think, because traditionally they just relied on the black votes to elevate them and to get them elected, and they want to be, like most liberals, in charge of black people. That maternal and paternalistic instincts. Let us tell you what you want. Matter of fact, we'll build you a habitat house, but not in our neighborhoods.
00:13:24
And so they just long traditionally been that way. But that there's a crack in that wall and it's bleeding. This bleeding, Ben, is not stopping now. Black votes have been locked up for years by the Democratic Party. That's why we're saying to when I saw Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, when I saw that image, I didn't see a book. I saw characters and cut to one was evasive and the other was not necessarily in that order.
00:13:50
I don't know. One Kamala Harris was lock them up and Gilberto's lock them down. That's what they were doing to the black vote, lock them up and lock them down. But now, Charlie, you're saying they are afraid, man, they are afraid. And more and more of us are coming out. Senator Thompson, Senator Scott O. Amazing United States senator. How is it the Democratic Party? We've been blacks and supporting them for 60, 70, 60 years.
00:14:19
I say only two black senators and they've been getting 80 actually 90 to 95 percent of the black vote. The Republican Party, they've been given about eight percent, but they have a black United States senator. Isn't that interesting? Isn't that interesting? You remember Chuck Schumer did not want the senator. That was the black senator single tier, I think his last name. Maybe I'm wrong.
00:14:44
The black senator that was coming from Illinois to replace Obama, Roland Burris, that was that was appointed by Harry Reid to try to keep him from being sworn in as if the government he didn't want the government to apply. Same thing happened in New York when Hillary got her seat, actually, or the person after Hillary. The there was a black I think he was the speaker pro tem. I mean, the lieutenant governor actually became governor and the blind gender blind legislator.
00:15:15
He wanted to be a United States senator. They talked him out of it. They didn't want to appoint himself. So, you know, the Democratic Party do not embrace African-Americans where. In an occurrence where mostly is almost all white, if it's all white, they primarily want to white first. Now they'll support black people being an all black district run against blacks. They have no problem doing it then. So if you started to peel that rapper back, Charlie, there's some interesting things I'll tell you one more is going to probably knock you off your feet.
00:15:45
Why is it that the Democratic Party cannot select a presidential candidate or vice presidential candidate? They have both parents that are black. Hmm, wow, is there some grading going on, you know, that some greeno the Democrat Party better than I do, so you just ask.
00:16:03
Well, but you know them too. I do, Charlie.
00:16:06
You know, I mean, I consider the I mean, I know the Democrats. I fight them and the rulers of the Democrat Party, not necessarily Democrat voters. They are some of the most racist people I've ever dealt with in my life. I mean, it's not I mean, they went straight from the KKK and the leadership of the Democrat Party, and they want they want free thinking. Black individuals got nowhere near leadership of their party in the Senate and Congress decision making that all up and down.
00:16:30
They want it to be a a party that's no different than how they ran plantations back in the eighteen thirties.
00:16:35
And what else rolling the way they have led black people who had Lapkin were very conservative, that a lot more conservative I would say, than whites were for the most part. But the Democratic Party has let them down where now they abandoned the traditional family. Now they're putting illegals before blacks. Now there's no support for law enforcement. Now you can come in and tear down statues under the auspices of is related to the Confederacy or slavery. But at the same time, they have black people tearing down Frederick Douglass and Abraham Lincoln monuments.
00:17:09
Now, you're saying that's what liberal liberals are doing to Democrats and Black Lives Matter. You know, this trial as well as I do, Black Lives Matter were founded by lesbians and they don't support the traditional black family having a black male in the house as a father figure. They don't support that. And you know that name, Black Lives Matter with a lot of people. That's why I'm surprised to see a lot of these corporations giving the money.
00:17:37
And first of all, we're just money going. I wish we could track more where is going has been spent, but they're getting millions and here they are. They don't support law enforcement, the part of burning and looting communities and destroying communities. Choice is not right about that. But that is a dead cat on the end of that line.
00:17:59
Here's the thing about home security. Companies must trap you with high prices, tricky contracts and horrendous, lousy, terrible customer support. So while there's a lot of options out there, there's only one no brainer. Simply say simply say it's got everything you need to protect your home. With none of the drawbacks of traditional home security. It's got an arsenal. That's right. A total arsenal of sensors and cameras to blanket every room, window or door tailored specifically to criminals are on the loose.
00:18:21
The thugs are coming for your home. Are you protected? Well, professional monitoring keeps watch day and night ready to send police, fire or medical professionals. If there's an emergency, you can set up yourself in under an hour. Just peel and stick the sensors exactly where you need them. No technician required. And there's no contract, no pushy sales guys, no hidden fees, no fine print. And all this starts for fifteen dollars a month.
00:18:40
Try simply save today. It simply save dot com slash Charlie. You get free shipping and a 60 day risk free trial. There's nothing to lose. Simply save dotcom. Charlie.
00:18:51
So you also commented on defunding the police. You said, quote, Isn't it ironic that the Democrat politicians never leave home without security to protect them at all times? Why don't they forego their security and replace them with social workers since that's what they want for us? Can you expand on that?
00:19:05
Well, that's hypocrisy. First of all, we should be given more funding to police, not less funding. You know, I was fortunate enough to command a large police department and in that police department. And most people tell you law enforcement officers only get that psychological examination during the hiring process, but after that, they don't get it throughout the year. So let's say you're an officer. You've been on the street five years and you've been dealing with this.
00:19:29
Nobody has given you a psychological examination to see where you are mentally. Are you burned out? Should we put you in a different position? Because those states that have a make a difference when officers make the decision between use of force, deadly force versus non-lethal or how to de-escalate the situation, another thing to technology, they need more money for technology like the bubble wrap, which is non-lethal but will constraint an individual. They need more money for that and any more money for training.
00:19:56
Like in Georgia, for example, a police officer gets to two hours a year and the escalation, they only get two hours a year. Also for use of force. We need more money to give them more training. And so when you talk about defending police, why don't we take and manufacture all you know, they were talking about replacing domestic calls with with social workers. Well, domestic call of some of the most dangerous calls you can make and who's going to protect the social worker.
00:20:29
So if they don't think security is that important, they don't don't think so. Supporting law enforcement is that important, then why don't they just give up their security and give them a couple of social workers? I think they need some social workers based on how they're thinking. I think that would be a good move. But it's just amazing where the Democratic Party has gone in terms of turning its back on law enforcement officers. As I mentioned last night, man, they had.
00:20:55
Families, they live in our communities, you know, their mom and dad and wives and children want them to come home safely to we have some bad apples as a way to deal with it. But, you know, you just blindly just and you look at these democratic cities and I say Democrats see the cities led by Democrats. Almost every one of them have turned their back on law enforcement. What is that about? And those suburban white moms that they are saying that President Trump doesn't have an easy target.
00:21:24
They are seeing those anti framed black lives matter folks coming out to their neighborhoods now. And you know what? They are afraid to death and you know, who are they going to vote for? Whomever is representing law and order, who that is.
00:21:38
President Donald Trump and President Trump stands for decency and reasonability against the just arson of the mob all across our country. And and so can you talk more about BLM Inc., the organization? It's almost if you are in this country, you are almost forced to say that you support BLM Inc. You mentioned that these are Marxists that are trying to disintegrate our country. Can you can you talk more about that?
00:22:05
Well, you know, I think we all can agree that Black Lives Matter. Now, I think there are some legitimate discussions where if a white young teenager goes missing and she's blond, blue eyed, a lot more liberal media attention comes to that when a black young teenager girl goes missing, it does not get the same amount of attention. Now, that's the media doing that, the liberal media that's doing that now. But at the end of the day, black lives do matter.
00:22:37
I think I would have said black lives matter to that means all lives matter. But when you look at the founders and their founding principles, it has nothing to do with saving black lives. They are pushing the transgender agenda, which is fine if that's what they want to do. I'm not knocking them. Do what you want to do, live the way you want to live, but don't come and fool people. Talk about is about saving black lives and you only want to jump and shout, screaming and riot when a white officer is involved in a shooting versus children being shot down every weekend in Chicago and his hashtag Black Lives Crickets.
00:23:14
That's not right. Be consistent. And and how. What about the police officer? The former police chief in St. Louis was shot down, killed on the streets of St. Louis for providing protection at a friend's business where it was black lives and was his name.
00:23:32
Yeah. Why wasn't that officer's funeral made national news when they cover that funeral? The entire funeral of a law enforcement officer, not clips of it, but why not do that the same way you did, George? Follow it. All right. Because Black Lives Matter. So the hypocrisy of black lives matter, because in reality, all black lives do not matter to black lives matter, what matters to Black Lives Matter is that left agenda where they're getting the mozzarella from the George Soros and other organizations who's funding them to carry out their destruction of this country in the black community.
00:24:14
Is there is there a little bit uneasiness about the amount of rioting and looting and arson and crime that is being spread? Because the media makes it seem as if BLM Inc. is nothing but popular and supported in the black community?
00:24:28
Well, what's interesting, you really have more white people. Rioting, looting and destroying neighborhoods, because there no, there are not many black people in Seattle, Portland and some of these other cities. So to make it like a black or white, people are afraid of what these groups are doing. Stop trying to pit black against white, what white people are afraid of believe white people are just as afraid as me. Any other black person with a normal sense who want to protect their families, want to protect their property, property, who want to save neighborhoods.
00:25:00
So I don't understand why they're not asking. Why aren't you afraid of Antifa and Black Lives Matter coming to the suburbs and making a big deal out of that? But no, they don't want to do that. That's the liberal media, Charlie. Mm hmm.
00:25:15
So, President Trump, we're two months more or less until the election. A little little more than that. It's just coming coming down really quick. What do you think the president has to do to continue to expand the support amongst former Democrats such as yourself or even people that are supporting President Trump as a Democrat, not just in the black community, but what really do you think is the most persuasive line of argumentation for the president, failed to win this election and get people over into the Trump campaign?
00:25:45
Well, first of all, I like now that the president, when he does his press conferences, is just him when he rolls out his staff. The media is intentionally trying to get one person to disagree with just one person one time to disagree with the president. And all over the place, you and I and American people know the forest and the liberal media. First day when Trump took a step to stop the spread by banning travel from from China.
00:26:09
They said that, oh, this is nothing more than a fluke. Well, OK, we found that plane that wasn't the case, there were times in the harbor and others say, well, you don't have to wear a mask, so now they want to make a big deal out of them. So that's all over the place. I like our president. He answered their questions. And if you can't answer their questions right, then he'll get back with me because he's getting advice and counsel from his people.
00:26:31
So that helps a lot. But I also think it helps we let the American people know. And I think he's doing a great job. Now that we are working on this pandemic, it is important we are going to find a cure from this is right around the corner. Just just bear with me, open up the floodgates and allow these private organizations to jump over a lot of these restrictions. That's long. Should have been changed a long time ago and allowing the private sector to do what they do best.
00:26:56
And just hold on. I'm with you. In the meantime, continue to provide best practices, your tools and resources to first responders and governments, push it out of state and try to make get those things out to those who need the most. But more importantly, Charlie, because he's testimony to the country and we're face mass, you could not find them now. You can find them everywhere. The president is getting this stuff out, but at the same time, by AM opening up this economy so people can go back to work to try to save their businesses.
00:27:29
We're getting more creative now with Skype and teleconferencing and all that where people now are encouraged, OK, we can go back to work. But the thing about this virus, Charlie, is so Chinle Virus is not an American virus. And I'm glad that the president keeps saying this is China, China, China, because they'll have you thinking that is Trump virus. This thing is unique because you can see it. You can't you can't shoot it. You can't kick it.
00:27:56
And so no other president has had to deal with something like this in our generation. So but I think he's doing a hell of a job. And just the core question and talk about his record of accomplishments and talk about what he has in the next four years.
00:28:12
Well, Vernon, you are an American hero. Thank you for supporting our president and thank you for being such a heroic voice. Any way that people can stay in touch with you, social media, otherwise there are ways that they can support you. Thank you, Charlie.
00:28:24
They can go on on Twitter at Vernin Jones, Facebook, RIP, Vernon Jones and Instagram rep Vernon Jones. But more importantly, Charlie, they can tune into to your social media fund. Me too, because that's where I go to find out about me. I go to your page, your social media platform to find out about Vernon. Do well, thank you.
00:28:49
I'm looking at your Twitter right now and it says Country over party. Amen. I love that. And so God bless you. And thank you for having our presidents back.
00:28:57
Thank you. All the best to you, General. Thanks. Vernon Sison.
00:29:02
What a great conversation that was with Vernon Jones. If you guys want to get involved. A Turning Point, USA, our five point eighty three non-profit dedicated Educating the Future of American Organizing Students on campuses across the country. Go to TPE, USA, Dotcom, Team USA, Dotcom. Email us your questions as always, freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom. And if you guys want to support our program where we do to podcast today and we are up to three o'clock Eastern making sure that you guys have the news that you need to type in.
00:29:26
Charlie Kurk, shout your podcast provider hit subscribe. Give us a five star view. But more importantly, if you can go to Charlie Cook Dotcom slash support. God bless you guys. God bless America. Listen to our sister episode. Right. Get an instant reaction to the Republican National Convention. God bless you guys. God bless America. Talk to you soon.








PODCAST16)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey everybody. I had the opportunity to address millions and millions of people at the Republican National Convention in support of President Donald Trump. We wanted to aired this speech to you uninterrupted here on the Charlie Kirk show. It was a great honor. I have to say that they did not change my speech at all. I was able to speak from the heart. I was able to defend the president. And as a 26 year old from Chicago, I never went to college.
00:00:32
That just gets up every single day and works hard, has a great team around me. I'm living the American dream. Do you guys want to support our work and go to Charlie Kirkconnell? Support and enjoy my remarks. The Republican National Convention in support of the re-election of the 47th president, United States President Donald Trump. Here we are.
00:00:58
Good evening. It is an honor to be with you tonight. My name is Charlie Kirk. I run the largest pro-American student organization in the country. Turning Point USA, fighting for the future of our republic. Speaking to you in my personal capacity tonight as a twenty six year old, I see the angst of young people as well as the challenges facing new parents. I am here tonight to tell you to warn you that this election is a decision between preserving America as we know it and eliminating everything that we love.
00:01:33
For decades, ruling class leaders in both parties sold out our future to China, to faceless corporations and to self-serving lobbyists. They did it to preserve their own power and enrich themselves, all while rigging the system to hold down the good, decent, middle class patriots striving to build a family and pursue a decent life. All of this changed dramatically in twenty fifteen when a billionaire named Donald Trump put his own life of luxury on the line. From that moment he came down that famous escalator.
00:02:10
He started a movement to reclaim our government from the rotten cartel of insiders that have been destroying our country. We may not have realized that at the time, but Trump is the bodyguard of Western civilization. Trump was elected to protect our families from the vengeful mob that seeks to destroy our way of life, our neighborhoods, schools, churches and values. President Trump was elected to defend the American way of life. The American way of life means you follow the law.
00:02:45
You work hard, you honor God. You raise your kids with strong values and you work to create a civil society. The American way of life means you speak your mind without retribution, without being kicked off social media by a self-righteous censor and Silicon Valley. It means you can freely practice your religion. And that church is more essential than a casino. And it means that we judge people on their actions, not on their immutable characteristics. The American way of life is being dismantled by a group of bitter, deceitful, vengeful activists who have never built anything in their lives.
00:03:29
They have it's locking up pastors while releasing violent criminals from prison. We are kicking doctors off a social media yet promoting Chinese state funded propaganda on major tech platforms. This election is the most critical since 1860, when a man named Lincoln was elected to preserve the union from disintegration. This election is not just the most important of our lifetime. It is the most important since the preservation of the Republic in eighteen sixty five. By reelecting Trump, we will ensure that our kids are raised to love our country and respect its founding fathers, not taught to hate or be ashamed of them.
00:04:08
We will build monuments to heroes, not burn down our cities. We'll be a country that rises to higher heights, that dreams big things big and achieves the impossible. A country that values a remarkable journey, the complexities of our past, but clearly communicates to the next generation that we have to be grateful, not angry that we live in the United States. We will be a country that makes it easier to have many children live quiet and peaceable lives and worship your God without a tyrant getting in the way.
00:04:45
We will be a country that has its best. One hundred years ahead, we will build a future where America remains the greatest country ever to exist in the history of the world. All of that is within our grasp. If we secure four more years for the defender of Western civilization, our champion, my friend, the 44th president of the United States, President Donald J. Trump. Thanks for listening, everybody.
00:05:13
Listen to the other two episodes we have today, Jared Kushner, and also a live reaction right after the Republican National Convention. God bless you guys. You can always email us Freedom at Charlie Kirkham. It's a phenomenal honor to be able to speak on that national stage. And some people said it well over 25, 30 million people saw it total. Pretty incredible to think about Charlie Kirkconnell report. If you guys want to get behind our effort, God bless you.
00:05:38
Listen to our other episodes. Thanks so much.





PODCAST17)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts, at least health care.
00:00:09
We always want to give our members more. So now you get unrestricted access to a world of benefits that will help you stay healthy from convenient video calls with a GPS to get prescriptions online to easy access to experts when you finally want to do something about your rapini or dodgy bike. And if you do need to see someone urgently at clinics are available for minor injuries, all without you needing to put your hand in your pocket. Let's stay on top of your health in every way there.
00:00:35
Health care. Looking after you, Ohmes. Insurance provided by Elipse insurance. Limited trading is like a health care leya health care limit trading as Leya Health Care and Leya life is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Unrestrictive benefits are available until the end of August.
00:00:47
Fair usage policy applies where all beginning to get back to business. So it's time to let customers now on post commerce is here to help you get through and nothing gets through to your customers like direct mail. We put your message directly into their hands and their homes, targeting key areas in your locality, delivered by a familiar face that you can trust. See how effective direct mail can be for your business on post.com. Forward slash e-commerce on e-commerce for your world terms and conditions apply.
00:01:20
Hey, everybody, it's Monday.
00:01:21
I'm taking your questions that you emailed me. Freedom at Charlie Kirkham, freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. We get into Edmund Burke versus Thomas Paine. We get into the Republican National Convention. And what you can expect, we get into abortion and so much more. Big episode in store. Before we get started, please consider supporting our program at Charlie Kirkham. Slash support Charlie Kirk dot com slash support helps keep our program going, helps keep us alive. When you guys help support us at Charlie Cook dotcom slash support.
00:01:49
Buckle up, everybody. Big episode in store. Here we go.
00:01:53
Charlie, what you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Kirk is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Cook's run in the White House. But I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country.
00:02:23
That's why we are here.
00:02:26
Hey, everybody, welcome to this episode of the Charlie Kirk Show. Happy Monday. We hope you had a great weekend. And a big week is in store right now. My goodness. The Republican National Convention is up right now. This week, last week was the Democratic National Convention. And we went night by night and dissected what the Democrats did correctly and what I think they did incorrectly and some missed opportunities by them. And if you guys have questions, of course, you guys can always email us directly to actually go straight to me.
00:02:53
Freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. And it's Monday, which means I am taking your questions. And if I select your question, you guys win a signed copy of The New York Times best seller, The Magga Doctrine. Let's start with Aleesha. And if this is your question, just emails to claim your book that shows us that you're listening, OK? Hi, Charlie. Aleesha here. How will conservatives survive a Biden Harris presidency if Trump is not re-elected?
00:03:18
I honestly fear for my freedom and liberty and being able to make common sense decisions for my family thinks, look, you should fear if Donald Trump loses, it should really make you operate with a sense of urgency. If President Trump loses this election, they will stuff the courts and they will come after everyone with bitter revenge. They'll make anyone that sided with Donald Trump on any sort of issue, political or otherwise, pay a very steep price. And myself included, I'm sure I'm on some sort of list that if Biden takes over the White House, they will come after whatever that I'm involved in very quickly and very harshly.
00:03:54
And I'm not saying that as an alarmist. It's just honest that the Democrats, they play revenge driven politics. They are driven by bitterness and arrogance and deceitfulness, and they consider people like myself to be a problem. And so that's the first thing is that if you actually want to see a society where justice is impartial and where you have a stable and peaceable life that you can pursue, then Donald Trump is the only option. But Joe Biden, he will make the appearance that things are stable and peaceful and similar to how Joseph Stalin went after his political opponents, or similar to how Mao Tse tung in China went after people that he disagreed with.
00:04:32
The Democrats have that same sort of collective impulse. The collectivist impulse is probably a better way to say it to you. State power to try to go after their dissidents. And Barack Obama did this all throughout his presidency. He weaponized the Internal Revenue Service to go after conservative and Tea Party and Christian groups using the then acting IRS commissioner, Lois Lerner. For those of you that are new listeners to the Charlie Kirk show, you might be 14, 15 or 16 years old.
00:04:57
You probably don't remember the Obama IRS target. Cheating scandal, the Obama IRS targeting scandal was one of the most egregious abuses of government power in the modern era, far worse than Watergate, that never actually got the justice that it deserved. The people that used the Internal Revenue Service to audit Tea Party groups and to target Christian conservatives were never held accountable. The main individual that was responsible for it was a woman by the name of Lois Lerner. You might remember that name, Lois Lerner.
00:05:27
She was put on temporary leave. But as of today, Lois Lerner is still receiving her full pension and benefits from the United States government. Senior officials for the Obama administration visited the IRS division at the U.S. Treasury Department hundreds of times after Republicans in Congress looked into this. And it was shown after many different subpoenas and hearings that the IRS absolutely did go after Tea Party and conservative groups to punish them to make it punitive. Joe Biden helped oversee this entire operation.
00:05:58
And this was Chicago thug style tactics done by the left when Obama was president. And a lot of you don't even remember it. A lot of you probably never even heard about it because the activist media intentionally did not tell you about it. And you can do your own research yourself. Just look up IRS targeting and it's an IRS targeting controversy. There's tons of facts on the Internet about it. And look, in January 2014, James Comey famously said that investigation said there was no evidence warranting the filing of federal criminal charges in connection with the controversy.
00:06:29
But because we didn't stop Obama during the IRS scandal, Obama then just used the same sort of thuggery tactics against Donald Trump. You see, when you do not stop these people, they then just go a level deeper and they continue towards their revenge campaign. And still to this day, there are very few to any sort of criminal indictments up against the spying of on Donald Trump. When Donald Trump's campaign was spied on and was targeted by the Obama administration in late September 2017, an exhaustive report by the Treasury Department inspector general found that from 2004 to 2013, the IRS went after conservative keywords to choose targets for further scrutiny.
00:07:11
That's right. This is according to in targeting political groups, IRS crossed party lines. New York Times, October 5th, 2017. You can check it out yourself. So this is not anything that is unfounded. This is well documented that Barack Obama, especially in the latter parts of his first term, went after groups that had, quote, Tea Party Patriots 912 project. The citation for this is by Richard Rubin and Julie Berkowitz. IRS looks at freedom groups, Bloomberg News, December 7th, 2013.
00:07:44
So you get the theme here.
00:07:44
This was a real thing. And so when Joe Biden wins, that's one of the first things he's going to do is he's going to purge the landscape of anyone and everyone that was near Donald Trump. And so if you're listen to this and you're a Trump supporter vocally, maybe they'll audit you. Maybe they'll come after your family, maybe looking out for your church. If they've been outspoken. That's not the only thing that will happen if Donald Trump loses.
00:08:05
Joe Biden will get us back in the Iranian deal. So the evil Iranian mullahs will have access to hundreds of billions of dollars in sanctions relief and probably another couple of billion dollars in cash. Israel will then be a target in the Middle East. The embassy will probably be closed in Jerusalem. The Golan Heights will be no longer recognized by the United States. The justices that will be put on the Supreme Court will be younger, more radical versions of Ruth Bader Ginsburg or Justice Sotomayor or Justice Kagan.
00:08:33
And the radicalism will continue from there.
00:08:36
Joe Biden will make people that are in the same mold as Elizabeth Warren be head of the Treasury Department, and our government will be taken over by Bolshevik radicals and revolutionaries, while a mentally declining individual will barely realize the weight of the office he is in. And he will hand over all the power to the most sinister elements of our society. So, yeah, you should be really worried about it. However, do I think it'll be the end of America?
00:09:01
Maybe, maybe not. It's hard to say. I mean, some people say, oh, America will survive it. I don't know that. But it's actually completely irrelevant. It's irrelevant as to whether we are going to fight if Trump loses post November. Now, I actually think Trump is on pace to win. I think Trump is on pace if he has a great convention week, which I believe he will. If Trump continues to campaign hard, if Trump continues to get the messaging correct, I believe Donald Trump will win, especially in these Midwestern states.
00:09:28
They are becoming more conservative. They're becoming more intolerant of crime and arson and terrorism and insurrection. And these are good and positive trends for the president. But if Trump loses, if you're listening to this podcast, guess what I'm going to do the day after the election, whether Trump wins or Trump loses, I'm going to do two podcasts. I'm going to travel to more campuses and I'm going to fight harder than ever before. It's irrelevant. The election is just a snapshot in time.
00:09:54
Saving America is a 24/7 job. If you're listening to this and you just kind of listen to this podcast and you get your information, God bless you. Thank you for that. However, we need more people like the left that take this as their daily obsession to save the republic. And if that's not, you totally understand that, then help the fighters, help the people that are like our freedom fighters at a turning point, USA, where all we do every single day is we think about how we are going to save the country.
00:10:23
All we do is we think about how we are going to turn the civilization away from decline and decay back to revitalization and prosperity. And so how will conservatives survive a Biden Harris presidency? It'll be tough. The day after the election, though. I'm going back to work. There's no vacation. It's not like it's not like the election is like, oh, wow, we're glad we got that over with no matter what happens. And I can kind of just take a month off.
00:10:47
No saving the republic. Is something that all of us should be so focused on that we say, OK, the election's important, we have to get Trump re-elected, but what are we doing after that? And this is something that we as conservatives have done very poorly over the last couple of decades. This is why I started turning Point USA as I felt that most of the focus was just on politics, not on culture.
00:11:09
That's why a turning point USA. We're a 5.1 C3 nonprofit where we're focused on education, where we're focused on the core institutional rot of leftism that has seeped into the hearts and minds of the next generation. And so, Alicia, I feel your anxiety. I get this question all the time. I got this question from a reporter recently. What is the country look like post Trump?
00:11:28
I don't know. OK, what I do know. Is that the president needs to win if we want to keep this country a unionist country. And that's a little hat tip to Ben Shapiro. And we had been on our podcast recently and you guys should listen to that episode. It was a lot of fun if we want to keep our country intact. Donald Trump has to win. Now, if you're of the belief what we got to break up the country sooner rather than later, then I disagree with that fundamentally.
00:11:54
I think that this country being kept whole and kept. Towards the direction of the best, most prosperous, stable 100 years we ever had is the moral decision for our civilization. However, all that is being put on the ballot as a referendum in November. I'm never alarmist, I try intentionally not to engage in alarmism, nor do I try to get into hyperbole. However, it is hard for me to be able to articulate the danger that will ensue for anyone that believes in the Bible, that attends church, that owns firearms, that is trying to raise kids.
00:12:29
If Joe Biden gets elected president, the United States, if he gets elected the United States, we are all going to become targets. Of very bitter, arrogant, deceitful people that want to seek revenge because we interrupted their major power play when Hillary Clinton lost.
00:12:49
Kamala Harris will be in a more important position than ever before that she could ever dreamed of. And she will execute the targets, she will take over the attorney general's office, through the vice president's office, and she knows how to run a prosecutor's office and she will go after pastors and they will go after conservative groups. They'll go after media figures. And that's just the beginning of it, they will shut down our energy dominance and our energy independence, they will put forth some of the most anti Second Amendment measures you could possibly think of, and that's just within the first couple of months of their presidency.
00:13:26
So there's a huge sense of urgency. Your question was, I honestly fear for my freedom and liberty. You should my goodness, you should be afraid. But if we lose, get back to work, do not disengage. Do not all of a sudden become apathetic and run to the hills and say, I hope they eat me last. It's irrelevant.
00:13:41
Whether you think you can win or lose is never an excuse as to whether or not you should fight for what is moral and what is good from tight muscles, tough workout signs of aging to simply make it through each day. Everyone understands what it's like to be tense and sore so everyone can benefit from thare ones. CBT product started by Dr. Jason Churchland therap body exists to provide you with the best scientifically validated natural solutions to help soothe your body and relax your mind.
00:14:10
Started with revolutionary therapy unprogressive therapy device. When Dr Jason saw the benefits of using CBT in his treatments, he created Thare one to bring you CBT products done right. A lot of CBD products claim they're organic, but still contain up to 30 percent filler. And these fillers are potentially toxic. So you can use their once warming lotion, your morning routine, the cooling lotion on your massage, oil to recover body bomb for targeted relief and you can sleep off quickly into a deep night's sleep.
00:14:36
This is not something for one is likely to do again, but it's a buy one get one free author at Thera Gun Dotcom Kirk. That is t h e r a g U.N. dot com Kirk kErogEn Dotcom Kirch only until Labor Day. Now the Labor Day, Monday, September 7th. They are done is offering our listeners a buy one, get one free for all their one product. But the you are all is there a gun thara gun dotcom kurk.
00:15:03
If you don't love what you get from there A1, send it back for a full refund with thirty days of purchase. It's a great product. You guys got to check it out there. Gone Dotcom Kirch.
00:15:15
OK, let's get to the next question.
00:15:17
Hey Charlie, I listen to your podcast every day and you are part of the reason I came to Christ. That is the coolest thing I can hear. Thank you. One thing I've been struggling to grasp is the whole view on abortion and being pro-life. If a woman, I mean a real woman is raped and impregnated by her rapist and the woman chooses to abort the baby, are we not putting the law above the human by saying that she is sinning that?
00:15:41
Well, first of all, this is one of the hardest questions I get to answer, because it's not easy. But first, before we answer the question on rape, when it comes to abortion, we have to come to a couple agreed upon Givens to use a geometric term. A given when coming to the issue of abortion is that it is a human life. That when conception occurs, when the sperm and the egg have that miraculous moment, that science still has not been able to fully explain, that is a human life, that human life deserves protection, it deserves dignity.
00:16:17
It deserves to be cherished and nurtured now. 99 percent of all abortions in the country, and this is a statistic that is almost consistent in every single state, it goes down to maybe 97 percent in certain states, but up to ninety nine point nine percent in other states. Are elective abortions not related to incest, rape or the life of the mother, most abortions are a form of birth control. So according to the Guttmacher Institute and might be mispronouncing that, but they are a five point eighty three non-profit that their mission is good.
00:16:56
Reproductive health policy starts with credible research. And actually, some of their other statistics are actually favoring abortion on the bottom of their website at the Guttmacher Dawg website. It talks about abortion is essential health care always. So what I'm about to recite to you is not from a pro-life website. It is not from a crisis pregnancy website. So according to the Guttmacher Institute, seventy one thousand seven hundred forty abortions occurred in Florida during a period of time. Out of those 71000 740 abortions, point zero zero one percent were due to incest.
00:17:36
Point zero six five percent were to protect the mother's life. Point zero eight five percent were due to rape and point six six percent were fetal abnormalities and ninety eight point six percent were elective procedures for social or economic reasons. So that's our starting point. This is one of the givens. Again, to use a geometric term. If you do not have agreed upon Given's, you do not have agreed upon foundation or baseline. We're just talking past each other.
00:18:02
When we do this, we have to have agreed upon foundational givens. So the first of which is that. A fetus is a human life. It doesn't matter if it is a preborn life. It is a human life. Now, some people say, well, it's not, then what species exactly is it? Because it's got to be some species on the animal kingdom. Now, you can say it's not a fully developed human life.
00:18:27
I agree with that. But it doesn't go through some sort of magical species change. I have very well viewed video and you guys can check it out on my YouTube channel, I encourage you guys to please subscribe to our YouTube channel and press that bell. So, you know, every time we drop in new video where this young woman was protesting at the March for Life and she called it a parasite, in fact, my team is saying maybe we should play the tape on that.
00:18:53
And I think it's actually important to play a short tape from that play tape.
00:18:56
So you take a six week fetus is a parasite by definition, I think. So now why is that important?
00:19:05
Because before I was able to actually discuss abortion with her, I had to discuss life with her. See, abortion is a procedure. It's not a medical procedure. People believe it's a medical procedure. Now, I believe abortion would only be a medical procedure and very, very rare cases, I'll tell you exactly what I mean by that. But generally, abortion is a life ending procedure. Typically, medicine is about the preservation of life. In fact, medicine is literally about the preservation of life.
00:19:36
Medicine coming under the Hippocratic Oath is what first do no harm. Abortion violates that just from the presupposition of what abortion is because it ends a human life. You're doing harm inherently. If I told you that there was a medical procedure where the individual you're working on was no longer going to be living, by the end of it, you'd say, well, maybe I shouldn't do that medical procedure. Now, some people say, well, Charlie, it's not a it's not a human life worthy of protection, but then when is and so he'll say, we're going to wait for the heartbeat.
00:20:06
Well, you have to understand that as soon as that human life is formed, the DNA is already information of being created that that unique formation of life. And we did not know this, by the way, back around Roe versus Wade was decided. As science has progressed, we now have more clarity. We have more information on exactly the uniqueness of the life that is within the womb. So when we talk about human life, that specific deoxyribonucleic acid, which is what DNA stands for, will never happen again.
00:20:43
So the pro-abortion activists have to be OK with disregarding something that will never exist again. That is the definition of unique. That is the definition of one in affinity.
00:20:58
So if you're OK with disregarding something that might never be formed again, then you would be more sympathetic with the pro-abortion argument? Not completely. I believe that that unique life that is formed deserves the moral protection to be able to flourish and prosper in the society. So if we come from the given that is alive, then all of a sudden we have to ask ourselves the question, why are most people getting abortions and then disposing of that life? Why are most people eliminating that life?
00:21:28
Well, mainly according to the Guttmacher Institute, which is a pro abortion institute, which, again, to reiterate on the bottom of their website, says abortion is essential health care, always ninety eight point six percent of all abortions are for social or economic reasons. So most people get abortions because of convenience. Now, mind you, despite ninety eight point six percent of people in Florida, let's just use that as the test case for this argument are getting abortions for convenience.
00:22:00
Well, then the question should be, then why is ninety nine percent of our conversation around rape life of the mother or incest? Well, the reason is because the pro-abortion activists are trying to distract us from the majority part of the issue. If we can agree that ninety eight point six percent of all abortions should not exist, then the abortion issue in America would disappear overnight. It would become a very rare specific procedure. Now, I'm not defending the legality of abortion when it comes to rape.
00:22:30
In fact, this is something I think there are very good arguments on both sides for. And I'm not going to dive into exactly my interpretation of it because I think it's very, very complicated, extraordinarily complicated. Let me tell you why. I think it's very hard for me to reconcile, to force a woman who did not consent to the creation of a child, to then have that child, but which by biological definitional standards is half the man's very hard for me to be able to wrestle with that.
00:23:00
However, when it comes to the mother's life, I do believe that in that very rare moment. And point zero point zero six five point zero six five percent of the time, I do think it is acceptable in that moment for the woman. If she truly has her life at risk, then to have an abortion. Why? Well, because that woman can then maybe have more children in the future. And that woman also and this is a lot of Orthodox rabbis agree with this.
00:23:32
That woman, if you have to choose between one life and the other, if the woman dies, then actually the baby will actually might die as well. Very, very difficult situation to talk about. And so my position is that we should focus the entire conversation on the ninety eight point six percent before we even talk about the remaining one point four percent. In fact, I think the remaining one point four percent is nothing more than a distraction issue.
00:23:58
If we can get to this by saying that abortion should not exist in our country, if someone is having the abortion because they think they don't have enough money. That is unacceptable. That is completely and totally, in my opinion, a violation. Of the moral compact that we have as a nation to protect the vulnerable, to protect the least of these, and I want to be very clear, one of the ways that differentiate myself with some people in the pro-life movement is I am very sympathetic to women that have had abortions.
00:24:31
I believe most women have been lied to. I do not come at this issue from a kind of moral mountain by screaming down at women that have had abortions and make them feel awful. I think that's a mistake. I think most women have been misled by the abortionists and the people that run these facilities. I don't want to call them doctors because they're not doing things that are helpful for our society. They're eliminating our population. They are destroying lives and removing birthdays and removing dreams.
00:24:57
I think that is just something that is completely awful. And I think Planned Parenthood, which should be completely defunded and shut down altogether.
00:25:04
And this is part of my biblical belief that all lives matter, but even if I didn't believe in the Bible, there is no scientific justification for abortion. There just isn't.
00:25:13
If you believe that that life is a human being, then as soon as that life is formed, that life is deserving and worthy of the protection under the law. It's just that simple. And some people, like Pete Butat Judge, say that life begins at birth. That is so scientifically ridiculous that it's hard to even justify with a cross examination. But if life then begins at birth, people to judge. He believes in abortion all the way up to the moment before the baby is born, where the baby is crying and the baby has full capacity to feel has the full capacity to live outside of the womb.
00:25:48
That's Pete Boot edges view on abortion. But I think it's very important when we talk about the issue of abortion to not make women that have had abortions the enemy, but instead look at them as individuals that we can communicate with, empathize with and also bring over over to our side. An abortion is not something that is a victimless act. A lot of women that get abortions regret it tremendously. A lot of women that get abortions feel as if that they have been lied to and betrayed.
00:26:22
A lot of women that have abortions have physical, emotional, psychological and spiritual pain for the rest of their life. And just to be more clear, people to judge says he supports people to have abortions up until the baby has first breath. And there's a lot of statistics, by the way, to show that women after abortions have a lot of regret. So I appreciate the question very much, but I think our entire conversation needs to be focused on the ninety eight point six percent, according to the Guttmacher Institute, ninety eight point six percent.
00:26:52
I think that is just a moral outrage. There are a million abortions a year. There are about 3000 abortions a day. We are destroying the black community in particular with our abortion policies, something that I think is a moral stain on our country. You're just more numbers about women who have abortions and some of the real and tragic costs that is associated post abortion. Planned Parenthood states the following research studies indicate that emotional responses to legally induced abortion are largely positive.
00:27:21
They also indicate that emotional problems resulting from abortion are rare and less frequent than those following childbirth. So they're just glamorizing abortion. I just can't think of anything more immoral than Planned Parenthood doing this.
00:27:32
Unfortunately, statistics tell a completely different story. Two studies from Finland, and this is from Live Action, a pro-life group that I really appreciate.
00:27:41
I actually contribute to because I'm so passionate what they do. Two studies from Finland show that women who had abortions were six to seven times more likely to commit suicide than women who gave birth. These studies were based on medical records rather than interviews. Statistics show that women have a higher rate of suicide after abortion. Suicide rates among women of childbearing age are approximately eleven point three out of 100000 post abortion. Women have a rate of thirty four point seven. Interestingly enough, women who have given birth have a suicide rate of five point nine per 100000 birth then seems to give protection against suicide.
00:28:16
Another survey of post abortion women, which appeared in Women's World, revealed that 45 percent of well over a third of women had suicidal feelings following their abortions.
00:28:26
Here's the thing about home security companies. Most you with high prices, tricky contracts and lousy customer support. So while there are a lot of options out there, there's only one no brainer. Simply save the thugs, the criminals and the vigilantes are coming for your family. Are you protected? Simply safe is the option you got to go to. They got everything you need to protect your home. With none of the drawbacks of traditional home security, a thug might be in your neighborhood tonight and do something about it by getting simply, say, home security.
00:28:52
You can set it up yourself in under an hour. Just peel and stick the sensors exactly where you need them. No technician required. I use in all the property I care about. It all starts at fifteen dollars a month. Try simply save today and simply save dotcom slash Charlotte. You get free shipping and a 60 day free risk trial. There's nothing to lose that simply safe dotcom.
00:29:10
Charlie. Hey Charlie. I was watching the Democratic National Convention and I saw the young man that was stuttering, asking Joe Biden a question. It got me to thinking, what is the Republican stance on handicapped individuals? Also, how should we handle handicapped individuals in our society? Thanks so much, Bob, in Ohio. Well, thank you, Bob, from Ohio for listening. And you win a signed copy of the New York Times bestseller, The Mega Doctrine.
00:29:38
Well, first of all, I was moved by that young man's question. Actually, he was the best part of the entire Democratic National Convention. And I believe Joe Biden actually struggles with a stutter. And I think that that is a very unfortunate thing for individuals to have to deal with. I think that Republicans at times get attacked unfairly for being against handicapped individuals, we have a moral prerogative to look after the least of these in society. That's why I'm pro-life.
00:30:05
And that's also why I believe we should look after the blind and the deaf and people that are handicapped. Now, mind you, if I was nothing but a Darwinist, there is no argument you can make through secular humanist Darwinism to look after handicapped children. There isn't. In fact, it was because of the teachings of the Bible and Jesus Christ that we were able to humanize the handicapped. So because of nutrition problems and malnutrition all throughout the times of Jesus Christ, there were more blind people and deaf people than even in our society right now.
00:30:37
And actually there are many examples of Jesus Christ going out of his way and healing the blind so that they can see it was both materially true and also metaphorically true. However, it's very interesting to go into the history of it. In ancient Greece and ancient Rome, Blind Boys were used as galley slaves and blind girls were used as prostitutes. It wasn't until the teachings of the Bible came into Greece and Italy and all across Europe and all across the Middle East, where people that were previously disregarded were actually given meaning and given a place in society.
00:31:17
In fact, in 630 A.D., a center for the blind in Jerusalem was created by Christians. Simply put, the Bible created a compassionate God who saved us from all sin. That was basically one of the metaphorical framings of the entire Bible. And because that it calls us Christians to be loving and generous and compassionate to all people, we take this for granted. In the Western world, we say, well, of course, handicapped people should be taken care of and they should, of course, deaf people and blind people.
00:31:47
But that was not the case prior to the Bible in secular humanism or just into the indulgence of mythology. And you just myth lot mythologize everything like the Greeks did show me the argument through that moral framework or that moral ethic why someone who is blind should have meaning in society. However, if you believe in the Christian ethic, you can absolutely and very quickly come to the conclusion that blind people and deaf people have incredible an infinite amount of value on Earth because God created them.
00:32:20
God gave them life. God spoke them into existence. And so here's one thing that really bothers me right now. We kind of connect it to the modern news cycle. When we close down these schools. You have to understand it hurts parents that have special needs kids, an incredible amount. Understand when these schools remain closed, such as District 214 in Chicago, Illinois, right outside of Chicago, Illinois. I went to Wheeling High School. They are deciding to basically close their entire school system, their whole school district.
00:32:48
I know parents that have special needs, kids that have handicapped kids. They do not know how they're going to be able to educate their children all day for special needs kids. In particular, parents move into some of these very expensive school districts. They get mortgages sometimes that push the boundaries of their income. They assume property tax burdens so that their kids can learn in special needs environment. This is not something to be scoffed at. However, in District 214 in Chicago, in Wheeling, Illinois, and more particular, these teachers are earning one hundred and forty nine thousand dollars a year.
00:33:23
And so these schools are now completely closed, run by Democrat teacher unions. And it is the least of these special needs kids that are being taken advantage of. So when we close the schools because of the Chinese virus reaction that happens in the suburbs of Chicago, we are then penalizing special needs kids. We are. And yes, you did hear me right. And I have a citation for this in District 214 outside of Chicago at Wheeling High School, they are teachers earning one hundred forty nine thousand dollars a year, one hundred forty eight thousand dollars a year, one hundred forty one thousand dollars a year.
00:33:58
A hundred thirty eight thousand dollars a year. One hundred thirty four thousand dollars a year. One hundred twenty eight thousand dollars a year. I just provided the entire citation to our team and we will be happy to post that on the Charlie Kirk show if you think your teachers. Are underpaid, just go to Destructo 14 outside of Chicago, where teachers are earning one hundred and forty nine thousand dollars a year. Just think about that hundred forty nine thousand dollars.
00:34:23
And we wonder why the Illinois pension system is completely and totally backwards and bankrupt and insolvent. And so, look, Republicans have done a phenomenal job of actually standing with disabled workers and handicapped children. I actually think this is something that the church needs to do a much better job at stepping up and helping be the social welfare institution where government has failed. It is the church that should clothe the cold, should feed the hungry and should reconcile the loss.
00:34:55
It is the church that should have been stepping up more in this time of crisis and helping businesses that were failed. Instead, I look at these massive Christian Incorporated churches and they have done very little to anything to help the community around them. It is the church that should be pushing the boundaries always in the middle of the public square. And I've been so let down by seeing that in recent weeks. And so, to answer your question, the Republican conservative position is that all life has value.
00:35:23
It is consistent with the question I just previously answered on life in the womb and also disabled life.
00:35:29
Understand that a lot of Democrats argue that babies that have fetal abnormalities should be terminated and not given a chance at life. I disagree with this, I do not think abortion should be based on the child's likelihood to be disabled or not disabled. I don't. I think parents out there that have special needs kids. Would agree when I say this, that some of the greatest blessings that parents can have. Is a child that might have been disadvantaged in one way.
00:36:09
I think that's all of a sudden assuming us as God, I think that's us playing God and I think that is immoral to do. I do. I think that it is immoral for us to assume the position that we know exactly what is best. At all times and we are going to play the position at that life should not exist right now and we're going to get in the way of it. So what is the Republican position is that all life matters?
00:36:33
That's the Republican position. I was moved by the very same topic that you mentioned. I was. And I think that the Republicans need to also show that we are compassionate and that we are the preservers of those that might not have the same advantages that you and I have listening to this podcast and whether it be a learning disability, whether it be someone that's blind or someone that is deaf or hearing impaired or visually impaired or might be a physical disability or whatever it might be, it is the Christian ethic that makes the argument that that life matters, not the secular humanist Darwinist ethic, which is the survival of the fittest.
00:37:09
Disregard them, put them on the edges of society and hope you never have to see them again or just eliminate them in the womb.
00:37:16
Whether you're working from home or working on your fitness, you want to know what you're listening to, to be actually what you're listening to, not what your roommates, what your kids are listening to. So right now, everyone needs a great pair of wireless earbuds. Before you drop hundreds of dollars on a pair, check out wireless earbuds from retcon. You already know retcon ear buds start about half the price of any other premium wireless earbuds in the market and that they sound just as amazing as other top audio brands.
00:37:38
Their newest model, the everyday 25 earbuds, are the best ones yet with six hours of play time, seamless Bluetooth pairing more bass and a more compact design gives you a nice noise isolating fit. The company was co-founded by people that you know, celebrities that care about noise, isolating fit. They're so comfortable. I can tell you that recons are the earbuds that everyone uses here on the Charlie Kirk show. So get 15 percent off your order by Rakan Dotcom's Kirk.
00:38:02
That's by Rakan Dotcom. Slash Kirker 15 percent off your order Birak on dotcom kurk.
00:38:09
Hey Charlie, I'm trying to figure out what authors I should read to make sense of what's going on right now. A lot of my teachers are pushing Marx, Engels, Hagel and all of the far left thinkers.
00:38:19
Who do you think I should read so I can get a better understanding of the philosophical challenges facing Western civilization. Thanks so much, Greg, from Rhode Island. Well, Greg from Rhode Island, that is a great question. We will get you a signed copy. The New York Times bestseller, The Magna Doctrine signed copy New York Times bestseller, Maggard Doctrine. OK, well, I want to talk about two in particular here. And I also first wanted to talk about thinker dawg.
00:38:41
They do a great job, thinker again and cargo Charlie and our fast paced world. It's tough to make reading a priority. At least it used to be. A new app called Thinker has solved that problem by summarizing the key ideas from new and noteworthy nonfiction, giving you access to an entire library, great books and by size for reader. Listen to hundreds of titles in a matter of minutes, including old classics like Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People.
00:39:04
Terezn Marcella's like Jordan Peterson's Twelvers for life. If you want to challenge or preconceptions, expand your horizons and become a better thinker, go to Thinker Agarwala. Do start and extend free trial and put your mind emotions. So Thinker does a great job and we are exclusive partner here on the Charlie Kirk show. When it comes to being able to read and consume information quickly, I highly encourage you guys check them out. But I want to talk about the divide and it's really not a divide because I actually think they would agree on many things today.
00:39:29
But it was a divide back then in some ways. And I think it's really interesting of Thomas Paine versus Edmund Burke. So I think that some people mislabel Thomas Paine as being the kind of author of American Leftism. I think that's a really lazy interpretation. Thomas Paine was actually the author of The American Revolution. He most famously authored Common Sense in 1776. It actually came out right in February and March of 1776. It was the best selling book in American history.
00:39:58
It sold over 300000 copies. And to kind of just extrapolate that to the United States population today, it would be like selling eleven million copies today. Just you understand how big of a deal this was. A common sense was written in common lingo. It was written for the common man and it argued that it was time to fight against Britain. Thomas Paine was always in search of a fight. He loved a good fight. He loved a good revolution.
00:40:24
He was he famously said and you guys have probably heard this expression before, these are the times that try men's souls. He was one of the main reasons why the Declaration of Independence was written in the first place. You could say that the book Common Sense spurred the revolution again. It was written in the language of ordinary people, and it was something that people were able to rally behind and able to understand.
00:40:47
Now, Thomas Paine had a very famous series of letters kind of going back and forth with what some people would call the kind of founder of American conservatism, Edmund Burke. Edmund Burke wrote a book called A Vindication of Natural Society and Pain. And Burke went back and forth, kind of arguing in particular about the French Revolution. So Thomas Paine was kind of a revolution shopper. So he got the American Revolution underway. And he's like, OK, what's next?
00:41:12
So then he went and totally screwed up France. So then he went to France and was like, let's do it here. And Edmund Burke understood the American Revolution. I don't I shouldn't say he supported it. Edmund Burke was very much in favor of the British monarchy and the system and tradition.
00:41:28
I think it's mislabeled as someone who was just a defender of elitism, when in reality he was really a deeper thinker about the nuclear. The family of what comes before us, of understanding where philosophy is derived from, one of the main thinkers that he really appreciated was Aristotle for good reason. And so Edmund Burke in particular, was a critic of the French Revolution. He wrote a whole book about it called Reflections on the Revolution in France. Thomas Paine was a huge fan of the French Revolution.
00:42:01
But Edmund Burke understood the American Revolution was not about throwing out everything before. It was about getting a new system of government, but still keeping some of these systems that predated the American Revolution intact and in place. The French Revolution was nowhere close to that. The French Revolution was about total and complete upheaval. It was about destroying everything that came before history, culture and even time. Edmund Burke wrote this in November 1790 and was one of the best known intellectual attacks against the French Revolution.
00:42:34
If you want to know exactly what's happening right now, read Reflections on the Revolution in France by Edmund Burke. He was a harsh critic, basically calling out Robespierre and all of the individuals that were pushing back and up against this idea of the French ruling class saying you're about to make a tragic mistake. And he was right. Edmund Burke predicted the rise of Napoleon and his reign of terror all across Europe. And Burke argued in large, in part, that they were screwing up exactly man's nature.
00:43:06
That man was actually flawed by nature, not good by nature. So this kind of divide, if you will, between Paine and Burke, people say, well, Paine was the revolutionary and Burke was the one that really wanted things to stay as they were. I think that is actually an incomplete picture of it. I think a better picture is that right now, Burkean Paine would be in full agreement. I think Paine would not want anything to do with the American left.
00:43:29
And I know that Burke wouldn't want anything to do with the American left at all. And so I think that there would actually be an agreement that Western civilization is necessary to be protected. I think that Burke would be in total agreement of that and Paine actually would he helped create Western civilization. So, of course, he would be in favor of that. So that kind of divide between Burke and Paine, I think everyone would find very interesting and common sense by Thomas Paine is one of my favorite reads.
00:43:56
I think you guys should check it out. I think you'll find a lot of meaning and a lot of depth in common sense by Thomas Paine and also a reflection of the revolution in France by Edmund Burke. Hi, Charlie. I really enjoy your show and I'm interested to watch the Republican National Convention. You should watch. Hopefully I won't argue with the TV as much as I did during the DNC. I hope not. My question is, who do you think are the top most watched speakers at the Republican convention with whom we might not be familiar?
00:44:20
Trump is a given, but who is in the shadows that we will really want to see?
00:44:25
Thanks for your time, Grace. Are you speaking at the RNC next week? Tune in and find out. That's my answer to that. Just tune in. Find out. Don't miss a second of it. What speakers look, the McCluskey's are going to be speaking, which are the unfairly criminalized couple that came out with firearms after a terrorist mob wanted to burn down their house in Missouri and actually just trashed their gate. Nick Sandeman is speaking. I believe Kim Classic is also speaking as well as many others.
00:44:52
Just tune in and find out if I'm speaking. But I think the Republican convention, they have to get people excited about America by the end of the week. They have to get more people excited about our country than on Monday. So by Thursday, more people should be fired up about America than they were on Monday. President Trump is a phenomenal showman and I mean that in a positive way. President Trump knows how to put on a great show.
00:45:11
I think the Republican convention is going to be must watch television and actually every night at the Republican convention, make sure you tune into our YouTube channel, because we are going to be going to you live every single night of the RNC. Please email us your questions, everybody. Freedom at Charlie Dotcom, freedom at Charlie Cook, dotcom type in Charlie Kirks for your podcast provider. Right now, type in Charlie Kerkow hit subscribe. Give us a five star review.
00:45:32
Screenshot of an email us Freedom at Charlie Cook, Dotcom Freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. And please consider supporting our program at Charlie Cook dot com slash support. We are recording this episode over weekend so you guys can wake up Monday morning fresh with the facts to be able to fight leftism and defend our country. So if you guys feel so inclined to support our program at Charlie Cook Dotcom slash support, it helps us keep going, hire more staff and cover the costs of this production at Charlie Cook dotcom slash support.
00:45:57
Thank you guys so much for listening. God bless you. Big week in store. Stay tuned. Stay subscribed. Thanks so much. God bless.









PODCAST18)

00:00:00
Thank you for listening to this podcast, one production now available on Apple podcast, podcast, one Spotify and anywhere else you get your podcasts.
00:00:08
Hey everybody, do black lives matter to Democrats? Well, Kimberly Classic, who has recently gone viral with her admonishment and repudiation of the Democrat Party, is here on the Charlie Kirk show. And she has millions and millions, tens of millions of people have seen her advertisement. You guys are going to love this program. Please consider supporting us at Charlie Circumciser report. Subscribe to The Charlie Cook Show by typing in Charlie Kirks or your podcast provider hit Subscribe.
00:00:32
Give us a five star review and email us Freedom at Charlie Kirkconnell, freedom at Charlie Cook Dotcom. Kimberle classic is here. Everybody buckle up. Here we go, Charlie.
00:00:42
What you've done is incredible here. Maybe Charlie Cook is on the college campus. I want you to know we are lucky to have Charlie Charlie Cook's run in the White House.
00:00:52
I want to thank Charlie is an incredible guy, his spirit, his love of this country. He's done an amazing job building one of the most powerful youth organizations ever created, Turning Point USA. We will not embrace the ideas that have destroyed countries, destroyed lives, and we are going to fight for freedom on campuses across the country. That's why we are here.
00:01:15
Whether you're working from home or working on your fitness, you want to know what you're listening to, to be actually what you're listening to, not what your roommates, what your kids are listening to. So right now, everyone needs a great pair of wireless earbuds.
00:01:26
Before you drop hundreds of dollars on a pair, check out wireless earbuds from retcon. You already know retcon ear buds start about half the price of any other premium wireless earbuds in the market and that they sound just as amazing as other top audio brands. Their newest model, the everyday twenty five earbuds, are the best ones yet with six hours of play time, seamless Bluetooth pairing more bass and a more compact design gives you a nice noise isolating fit. The company was co-founded by people that you know, celebrities that care about noise, isolating fit.
00:01:53
They're so comfortable. I can tell you that recons are the earbuds that everyone uses here on the Charlie Kirk show. So get 15 percent off your order by Rakan Dotcom's Kirk. That's by Rakan Dotcom. Slash Kirker 15 percent off your order. Byrock on Dotcom Kurk.
00:02:08
Hey everybody, welcome to this very special episode of the Charlie Kirk Show. I am joined today by Kim Classic. You probably saw her incredible political advertisement where she went through the streets of Baltimore with a sense of urgency. She walked the streets of Baltimore and told the truth about what's happening in our inner cities. Kim is running for Congress in Maryland. She is worthy of your support. Kim, welcome to the Charlie Kirk Show.
00:02:33
Thank you for having me. I appreciate it. So tell us why you're running. Tell us about the advertisement that just went totally viral. I think it has 20, 30, 40 million views. And tell us about yourself.
00:02:46
I don't know why I'm running. You probably could see that within the campaign ad, but I'm running to hopefully bring some great opportunities to the Baltimore area. You know, Maryland District seven encompasses Baltimore County, Howard County and Baltimore City. But the issues in Baltimore City, unfortunately, you know, it's a problem for the counties as well, because we're using all of our resources for the issues in the city. But the counties are being neglected. So there's a lot to go to do.
00:03:14
You know, we've got a poor education system. I'm all for school choice. I'm all for bakery. Goes to the port. As we saw during the coronaviruses lockdown, we had to rely on other countries for PPE. Why not bring that million dollar medical equipment and bring it back to the bar and have some real career opportunities, not just jobs.
00:03:34
So in your video, you said, and I quote, I want to make sure that I get this right. You say black lives do not matter to Democrats. Is that correct? That's exactly what I said. Tell us why and I mean, it's obvious here, you know, we've got problems in the inner cities. There's a pattern when it comes to Democrat leadership. Every year they leverage the urban struggle to request federal funds and then those federal funds go missing.
00:04:04
So I don't know if you recall, back in twenty fifteen, we had the riots in Baltimore City after the death of Freddie Gray. Millions of dollars was set to the north corridor. That video that I took, the campaign that was taken in the Penn North corridor. So you have to wonder, where has all this money gone to the city that has been under one party rule for over 50 years? That in itself is a problem. So we've got a lot of work to do.
00:04:31
I'm not saying my opponent's a bad guy, but he's been in office before. Obviously, this is a result of his leadership and you need somebody else completely different.
00:04:41
It takes a lot of courage for a black woman to say what you are saying. I can only imagine the backlash you have received and I want to get into that in a second. But can you talk more about how the ruling class Democrats have really betrayed the inner cities? Can you get more specific about what you have seen in Baltimore? And I've so many questions. We can just kind of start there. I'm also just curious, do you see people on the ground starting to get a little uneasy about Democrat leadership?
00:05:08
I'm super curious about.
00:05:09
So I'll go from back to front on the ground right now. We have a lot of people really talking about this. We have ears on both sides of the aisle. So some of our friends are saying, you know what, people are actually listening and the Democrats are attacking just the bad parts of Baltimore. But unfortunately, when you have bad and good parts, but you're running to represent an entire district, you have to consider all parts. You've got to represent everybody.
00:05:33
And so that everybody was happy about it. But people said it is accurate. You know, there wasn't a single lie in the video. I think a local news media channel or network actually fact check the video and came back and had to say there were no lie. And that probably hurt them because they don't love me. But they're learning it is accurate. And to be specific, we could go with we could start with the school system. Right.
00:05:58
We've had millions and millions of dollars go into the Baltimore City public school system. You know, we went viral a few years back because there wasn't any heat in the schools. Now you've got all this money. There's no heat. There's no air conditioning. In many parts of West Baltimore, the kids are dealing with lead pipes still within the schools. It's been like that since. Two thousand seven knows anything about it. You can go to some schools and there's actually trash bags on water fountains and they're not allowed to drink out of them because the lead pipes.
00:06:26
So it's like, where's all this money going? Right. Meanwhile, the school CEO, setting aside Tilley's, is getting paid three hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year. That's exactly right.
00:06:37
That's where it's going to the administration class. While black kids can't read in Baltimore schools, they can't. I mean, you have the studies show that there were six Baltimore schools where they could not find a black kid in fifth grade. That could read at grade level, not one kid.
00:06:52
And yet the schools keep on getting billions of dollars in federal funding, keeps on getting and the money is going to the administration class in the ruling class. Kim, can you tell us what you are hearing on the ground? Do you start to see people in Baltimore and in the inner city start to wake up to the tragedy of what's happening in urban America? Or are regular black voters at work for a living? Are they getting tired of just the same promises and destroyed communities from Democrats?
00:07:22
Yeah, I can actually give you an example of a gentleman named Travis. I posted this on Twitter. He sent me a text message saying, hey, I just saw your video, your campaign ad on the state room. And I was like, wow, this room, that's pretty legit. And he said, yeah. I said, the comments, though, were kind of mixed. He said, I thought people were going to be like, who does she think she is strutting through West Baltimore?
00:07:45
He said, but a lot of people were saying, wow, it looks just like I remember even when I was a kid. And these are people that move the city and have gone, never came back or for obvious reasons. Right. But they said, wow, it still looks the same. And he said, you know, your video really opened my eyes. He said after watching it, he went and Googled how much money had been sent to the area.
00:08:07
And he said, you know, you talk about millions. He said, I know for a fact it's billions, as you just said, Charlie. So there's a lot of people now looking at this and saying, look, you know, they've taken advantage of us for all of this time, so many years. And every year, you know, they just sit around like my opponent. He takes their votes for granted. He has not left his house this entire election cycle.
00:08:29
He just believes they're going to vote for him. Baltimore City, they vote down ballot and he's got it made. So now the campaign that has come out, he's actually had to acknowledge me. And his big response to that ad was she doesn't. Live in the district, yes, so and you have pledged to go move in the district if you win, by the way, it's very customary because of how ridiculous these districts have been drawn to run if you're a mile or two miles away.
00:09:00
So I do not no one should hold that against you at all. Just want to be very clear. You grew up in these communities. You understand it. And so that's a cheap attack. So you're actually running to fill the late Elijah Cummings seat, is that right? Yes, so we have Kweisi Mfume, who won the special, so he was sworn in nine months ago. He hasn't accomplished anything since then, but now he's in the general with me again.
00:09:29
This has happened again. But this time, unlike the special election, we're not bogged down with the rotavirus lockdown down. So we can actually go face to face, talk to people, let them know what we stand for and where we're coming from. And so it's been a lot different. My team has been out canvassing five days a week. My team has been out registering voters. I mean, we are going full speed here. And he's got to be scared because, again, he hasn't said anyone in the streets, my teams in their districts every day.
00:10:01
They have yet to see anybody in his camp. They are do you think they are taking this district for granted as the urban inner city Democrats are perfectly fine with our cities being really war torn and total disaster? Do you think that can you talk more about the opportunity Republicans have? And so can I want to be honest, Republicans, an awful job communicating to inner cities. I can only imagine how frustrating must have been for months. And you could just say anything, trying to get the attention of the party leadership.
00:10:32
Right. And then you have this viral ad and then everyone's calling you. Right. Can you talk about that a little bit? Because Republicans are at fault here, too. I mean, their own fault in a different way, right? It's Republican solutions that will help. But do you feel like Republicans have just kind of written off the inner cities and said just whatever Democrats do, whatever you need to do?
00:10:48
Absolutely. That is what we've done every election cycle. You hit the nail on the head. When we go out and we talk to people. I remember my first time canvassing. I asked a woman, what would it take for her to vote for a Republican? And she said, You're the first Republican I've ever met, so how can I vote for someone I've never met? And I was like, that's a great point. That is, Republicans have to do better at going in the inner cities.
00:11:13
We can't just write this up even if we are not expected to win. And I've been told a thousand times there's no way I could win. I was actually told Jesus Christ couldn't win the seat by our GOP chair or not. But but, you know, you can't just write it off completely. You've got to go in and start chipping away at some point in time. You know, it's like you said, the ad is going viral and now people are calling.
00:11:40
Now everyone's like, oh, you know, a sense of resources. Oh, you need volunteers. You know, it's great and we're happy and that's fine.
00:11:48
We're happy about that. Right. But the lesson here is why did it take that? Is that fair?
00:11:53
Yes, absolutely. Why would it take that love? You know, in Baltimore City, we actually have the most black Republicans running in the entire country. That's yeah, that was something that we would thought would get their attention a long time ago. You know, we both won our primaries, but whatever it takes, we're happy to accept it now.
00:12:14
So can you talk about the president has retweeted your video a couple of times. The president has come under fire. He's a big fan of yours, by the way. He's come under fire tremendously for criticizing Baltimore, which is just an honest assessment. Do you think the president stands to make serious gains in the black community, both in Baltimore and some of these other swing states like Philadelphia or Atlanta, where there are sizable black populations?
00:12:39
I really do think so. And that's another thing President Trump and his so-called attack on Baltimore City last summer was actually just him repeating a woman that I interviewed in the streets of West Baltimore. He actually repeated her verbatim. And I was asking some of the news outlets to just check out the video, match the tweet with the video. They refused to do it because the narrative is President Trump is racist and he attacked Baltimore. But he really just repeated this young woman, young black woman that live right here in West Baltimore.
00:13:13
So, yeah, I think people are coming around. I think people are starting to understand that, you know, maybe President Trump just is it part of the establishment and that's on either side. And that's why some of the people in office don't like them very much. And that means it's better for us as a people. So I think people are starting to notice that. Totally, yeah, I know that we're tight on time here and I want to be respectful of that.
00:13:40
So just a couple more questions. Can you talk more about the the Democrats hyper fixation on the issue of race? Are these top tier issues in the inner city or is it more just about the school is awful. Crime is out of control. Businesses can't get access to capital, or are they really worried about some of these more national narratives that are kind of just given front and center focus?
00:14:03
Yeah, they like to focus on what's trending. Absolutely. But here's what's so crazy about it. I don't know about all the other cities, but in Baltimore City, we have nothing but black leadership and we've had it for two decades. So who's being racist? You know, this is more classism than anything. And we mix it up with racism all the time. But yeah. So there's racism. I don't I don't know where it's coming from here.
00:14:29
The CEO of the schools is black. Our state's attorney is black. The mayors have been black city council black. I don't know. It's just what's trendy, I guess.
00:14:38
Cam, you are running for Congress. How can people learn more about you and support you? You have a difficult race from the outside, but I think every Republican out there, I'm of the opinion that if Republicans do their job, we talk about the family, we talk about supporting our police, we talk about churches, we talk about pro-life. And I'm guessing you're pro-life. And that's a big issue that's winning in the black community. I could be wrong, but that's what people are saying.
00:15:01
And I think that we can win 50, 60 percent of the black vote. I really do eventually. Maybe not overnight. How can people support you think yet?
00:15:09
Kincade for Congress dot com. It's a website. If you want to volunteer, you know you can have more boots on the ground if you live in a different state. We would love to have you make some phone calls to people that live in the district to remind them to get out to vote on November 3rd and of course, monetary donations. We love those too. But campaign for Congress, dotcom, you can follow me on Facebook at Kimberle classic Instagram, Camberley Classic, YouTube, Camberley Classic.
00:15:36
And of course, Twitter, my favorite, favorite social media platform. It's Kim K, Baltimore. I think people are going to be seeing a lot more of you, especially this coming week, that's all we're going to say. Right. And we're very proud of you. And I know that you're receiving a lot of backlash from a lot of people. A lot of white liberals actually are coming after you, which is just so funny that I've never even been to Baltimore.
00:15:58
Right. They feel like it's their moral prerogative to go after you. Stay strong. We have your back. And thank you for joining the Charlie Kirk show.
00:16:05
Thank you so much. I appreciate it. You bet.
00:16:09
Thank you guys for listening. Please email us your questions. Freedom at Charlie Kirkham. Freedom at Charlie Kirchen. Make sure you watch the Republican convention. And please consider supporting us at Charlie Dotcom slash iReport. Listen to our ask me anything. Stay engaged, stay involved. Thanks so much, everybody. Talk to you soon. God bless.



OPINIONS_SECTION)

00:00:00
Let me tell you about immigration and border security. I believe we need to finish the wall and secure our southern border. A country without borders isn't really a country. We need to enforce our immigration laws and put American citizens first. Illegal immigration is not a victimless crime. It drives down wages for American workers, strains our social services, and creates chaos in our communities. The elites love open borders because they get cheap labor while regular Americans suffer the consequences.

00:00:30
Sanctuary cities are a disgrace. When a local government says they won't cooperate with federal immigration authorities, they're putting criminals back on the streets. They're putting illegal immigrants above American citizens. That's backwards. That's not America first. We support legal immigration done the right way. But illegal immigration undermines the rule of law and is unfair to everyone who waited in line and did it legally.

00:01:00
On the issue of abortion, I am unequivocally pro-life. Life begins at conception. That's not just a religious belief, it's scientific fact. At the moment of conception, you have unique human DNA that will never exist again. That's a human being deserving of protection. The pro-life movement is winning. This is the most pro-life generation in American history. Young people are seeing through the lies of the abortion industry. Ultrasound technology has changed everything.

00:01:30
Planned Parenthood should be completely defunded. They're the largest abortion provider in the country. Taxpayers should not be funding the destruction of human life. There are thousands of federally qualified health centers that provide women's healthcare without performing abortions. The idea that you can't have women's healthcare without abortion is a lie pushed by the abortion industry.

00:02:00
Big Tech censorship is one of the biggest threats to free speech in America today. Silicon Valley oligarchs have more power over public discourse than any government. Facebook, Twitter, Google - they're deciding what ideas you're allowed to see and share. They're not neutral platforms. They're publishers pushing a left-wing agenda. When they ban conservatives, they're essentially erasing them from the public square.

00:02:30
Section 230 needs to be reformed or repealed. These tech companies want to act like platforms when it protects them from liability, but they act like publishers when they want to censor content. You can't have it both ways. If they're going to editorialize and decide what speech is acceptable, they should be treated like publishers and face the same legal consequences.

00:03:00
Communist China is the greatest threat to America and the free world. The CCP is an evil regime. They harvest organs from political prisoners. They enslave Uyghur Muslims in concentration camps. They crushed freedom in Hong Kong. They covered up COVID and let it spread around the world. They want to replace America as the world's superpower, and too many American companies and politicians are helping them do it.

00:03:30
Confucius Institutes are Chinese Communist Party propaganda centers on American campuses. Christopher Wray's FBI called them the number one domestic threat. They're essentially spy operations. We've helped close over 50 of them through Turning Point USA. But there are still dozens more. Every university should kick them off campus immediately. We should not be allowing a hostile foreign government to operate propaganda centers in our educational institutions.

00:04:00
America was founded on Judeo-Christian values. Our rights come from God, not government. That's what the Declaration of Independence says. The founders understood that religious liberty is the foundation of all other freedoms. When you believe rights come from God, the government can't take them away. When you believe rights come from government, they can give and take as they please.

00:04:30
Churches are absolutely essential. The idea that liquor stores and marijuana dispensaries were essential during COVID but churches weren't is a disgrace. Faith and community are what hold our society together. We're seeing the consequences of a society that has abandoned God. Despair, depression, addiction, suicide. People need hope and meaning that only faith can provide.

00:05:00
Socialism is a failed ideology that has destroyed every country that has tried it. Look at Venezuela. They went from the richest country in South America to people eating zoo animals in a single generation. That's what socialism does. It promises equality but delivers misery for everyone except the ruling class. Cuba, North Korea, the Soviet Union. The evidence is overwhelming. Socialism doesn't work.

00:05:30
Free market capitalism has lifted more people out of poverty than any system in human history. The American dream is built on the idea that if you work hard and play by the rules, you can succeed. You can start a business, own a home, provide for your family. Socialism destroys that dream. It replaces individual initiative with government control. It tells you that your success belongs to the state.

00:06:00
America is not a systemically racist country. That is one of the biggest lies being told today. We're the least racist, most diverse country in the history of the world. That's why millions of people from every race and background want to come here. We elected a black president twice. We have black CEOs, black billionaires, black leaders in every field. Does individual racism exist? Of course. But our institutions are not designed to oppress anyone.

00:06:30
Critical Race Theory teaches kids to see everything through the lens of race. It divides people into oppressors and oppressed based on skin color. It's the exact opposite of what Martin Luther King taught. He dreamed of a world where people would be judged by the content of their character, not the color of their skin. CRT judges everyone by skin color first. It's racist by definition.

00:07:00
BLM Incorporated is a Marxist organization. Their founders literally said on video that they are trained Marxists. They want to defund the police, abolish prisons, and destroy the nuclear family. That was on their website. Don't confuse the phrase with the organization. Saying black lives matter is different from supporting BLM Inc., which has taken billions of dollars and done nothing for black communities.

00:07:30
The family is the foundation of civilization. Strong families create strong communities and a strong nation. The breakdown of the family, particularly fatherlessness, is at the root of so many problems we see today. Crime, poverty, drug abuse, incarceration. The data is overwhelming. Children from intact families do better on virtually every measure. We need to support and celebrate families, not attack them.

00:08:00
School choice is one of the most important issues of our time. Parents should be able to send their kids to the best school for them, not just the school assigned by their zip code. Competition makes education better. The only people against school choice are teacher unions protecting their monopoly. They put their political interests above students. That's why they fought so hard to keep schools closed during COVID.

00:08:30
Public schools have been captured by the left. They're teaching kids to hate America, pushing radical gender ideology, and failing to teach basic skills. Kids are graduating without being able to read or do math, but they know all about white privilege and systemic racism. If you have the ability to homeschool your children, I strongly encourage it. Take control of your children's education.

00:09:00
America is the greatest country in the history of the world. No nation has done more to advance human freedom, prosperity, and dignity. We're not perfect. No country is. But our founding principles that all men are created equal with God-given rights are exceptional. The founders gave us the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and the framework for the freest society in history.

00:09:30
I have tremendous hope for young people. This is the most pro-life generation in history. They're tired of being told what to think. They're pushing back against cancel culture. Yes, there's a loud progressive minority on campuses. But there's a silent majority of young Americans who love this country and are hungry for truth. That's why I started Turning Point USA. The battle for America is won or lost with the next generation.

00:10:00
The Second Amendment is fundamental to American liberty. The right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. That's what the Constitution says. Gun rights aren't about hunting or sport. They're about citizens being able to defend themselves and their families. The founders wanted citizens to be able to resist tyranny. That requires access to effective firearms. Every time there's a tragedy, the left wants to take guns from law-abiding citizens.

00:10:30
Climate alarmism is being used to push a radical political agenda. The Green New Deal isn't about the environment. It's about government control of the economy. No more planes, no more cows, rebuilding every building in America. It would cost tens of trillions of dollars and give government control over every aspect of your life. I believe in conservation and being good stewards of the earth. But we shouldn't destroy our economy over apocalyptic predictions that never come true.

00:11:00
Energy independence is crucial for national security. Under Trump, we became energy independent for the first time in decades. We should be drilling, fracking, and using our abundant natural resources. Instead, we're begging foreign countries for oil. That makes no sense. American energy means American jobs, lower prices for consumers, and not having to depend on hostile regimes for our energy needs.

00:11:30
Government spending is absolutely out of control. We're over 30 trillion dollars in debt and politicians just keep spending. This is generational theft. We're saddling our kids and grandkids with debt they'll never be able to pay off. Washington treats your tax dollars like Monopoly money. Every family has to live within their means. But the government just prints more money and borrows from China.

00:12:00
I strongly support Israel. It's our greatest ally in the Middle East and the only democracy in the region. The Jewish people have a right to their homeland and a right to defend themselves. Moving the embassy to Jerusalem was one of Trump's best decisions. It recognized reality. Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Israel. The Iran deal was a disaster. We gave billions to the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism.

00:12:30
Judges should interpret the Constitution as written. That's called originalism. They're not supposed to make up new rights or legislate from the bench. Their job is to apply the law, not create it based on their personal preferences. Court packing would destroy the Supreme Court. The Democrats want to add justices to get the outcomes they want. That would turn the Court into just another political institution.

00:13:00
Government-run healthcare would be a disaster. Look at the VA. That's government healthcare, and veterans are dying waiting for appointments. The government can't run anything efficiently. Medicare for All would eliminate private insurance for 180 million Americans. It would cost tens of trillions of dollars and lead to rationing and long wait times. Keep healthcare in the private sector where competition drives quality and innovation.
